The remaining 5% of asphalt is used mainly for sealing and insulating purposes in a variety of building materials, such as pipe coatings, carpet tile backing and paint.
Schweitzer rapidly gained prominence as a musical scholar and organist, dedicated also to the rescue, restoration and study of historic pipe organs.
A digital accordion can have hundreds of sounds, which can include different types of accordions and even non-accordion sounds, such as pipe organ, piano, or guitar.
He also is an amateur classical pipe organist.
Working with Jean-Baptiste Meusnier, Lavoisier passed water through a red-hot iron gun barrel, allowing the oxygen to form an oxide with the iron and the hydrogen to emerge from the end of the pipe.
Starting on February 15, Austin Water received reports of pipe breaks, hourly water demand increased from 150 million gallons per day (MGD) on February 15 to a peak hourly demand of 260 MGD on February 16.
The fountain was supplied via a wooden pipe.
In the parish of Aberaman and Cwmaman is St Margaret's Church, with an old, but beautiful, pipe organ with two manuals and a pedal board.
The equipment installed includes a quarter pipe, penalty box with half pyramid, bank ramp, spine, kinked rail and a ground rail.
To control the odor, modern toilets use a small fan to keep the toilet under negative pressure, and exhaust the gasses to a vent pipe.
Therefore, it is used to build the beam pipe around the collision region in particle physics setups, such as all four main detector experiments at the Large Hadron Collider (ALICE, ATLAS, CMS, LHCb), the Tevatron and at SLAC.
 Is Belarus-China Cooperation A Pipe Dream?
For an accompanied choir, the bass is typically provided by pipe organ or piano (or if a choir can afford to hire one, by orchestra).
The World Champion Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band from Northern Ireland is named after him.
The chanter is usually open-ended, so there is no easy way for the player to stop the pipe from sounding.
The separation of the doors caused airframe damage and the right-hand engine fire resulted from a ruptured fuel pipe.
It was used in electrical insulators, radio and telephone casings, and such diverse products as kitchenware, jewelry, pipe stems, children's toys, and firearms.
It was soon found in myriad other consumer products ranging from pipe stems and buttons to saxophone mouthpieces, cameras, early machine guns, and appliance casings.
BS 34 Tables of BS Whitworth, BS Fine and BS Pipe Threads
Actor Alan Ladd, still unknown at that time, makes a small appearance as a reporter smoking a pipe at the end of the film.
By 1800, basso continuo was practically extinct, except for the occasional use of a pipe organ continuo part in a religious Mass in the early 1800s.
Australia has the richest diamantiferous pipe with production reaching peak levels of  per year in the 1990s.
CF&I railroad rails, wire, nails, and pipe debuted in Pueblo in 1892.
This mine is a kimberlite pipe, rich in diamonds, and the reducing environment helped produce both elemental chromium and diamonds.
The documentary Pipe Down, which won best feature documentary at the 2009 Waterford Film Festival, was made in Mayo.
It is believed to be behind a number of attacks such as pipe bombings, rocket attacks, gun attacks, and the PSNI claimed it orchestrated riots a number of times to lure police officers into areas such as Kilwilkie in Lurgan and Drumbeg in Craigavon in order to attack them.
In mature oil fields, extensive pipe networks are used to carry the carbon dioxide to the injection points.
The inlet grate for the  water pipe that is used to transport the water can be seen next to the sensory garden in Cheddar Gorge.
However at this point, either because the compression wave 'bumped' the reed or because of the natural vibration cycle of the reed, the gap opens and another 'puff' of air is sent down the pipe.
Covering or uncovering the tone holes varies the length of the pipe, changing the resonant frequencies of the enclosed air column and hence the pitch.
There are at least four pipe bands named for him; one each from Tullamore, Ireland, from Derry, Northern Ireland, from Kearny, New Jersey, and from Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
Using pipe symbols, the grammar above can be described more tersely as follows:
Kyeser also equipped the Archimedes' screws for water-raising with a crank handle, an innovation which subsequently replaced the ancient practice of working the pipe by treading.
Smoking freebase or crack cocaine is most often accomplished using a pipe made from a small glass tube, often taken from "love roses", small glass tubes with a paper rose that are promoted as romantic gifts.
Common causes of suction cavitation can include clogged filters, pipe blockage on the suction side, poor piping design, pump running too far right on the pump curve, or conditions not meeting NPSH (net positive suction head) requirements.
The easiest clicks for English speakers are the dental clicks written with a single pipe, .
Most Khoisan languages, on the other hand (with the notable exceptions of Naro and Sandawe), use a more iconic system based on the pipe .
In the mid-19th century, the Scottish military started incorporating pipe bands into their Highland regiments.
Then, at lower pressures, the rock is eroded, forming a pipe and producing fragmented rock (breccia).
It features over 1000 seats, and a pipe organ installed in 1928.
A keg has a single opening in the centre of the top to which a flow pipe is attached.
2017 – New York City attempted bombing: A pipe bomb partially detonates in the New York City Subway, in the Times Square–42nd Street/Port Authority Bus Terminal.
The end of the pipe can be shaped and smoothed to create a comfortable mouthpiece or an added mouthpiece can be made of any shaped and smoothed material such as rubber, a rubber stopper with a hole or beeswax.
 ( #PCDATA | ''element name'' | ... )*: a limited choice (in an exclusive list between parentheses and separated by "|" pipe characters and terminated by the required "*" quantifier) of two or more child elements (including only text elements or the specified named elements) may be used in any order and number of occurrences in the content.
Duke's arsenal consists of the "Mighty Foot" (a basic kick attack), a pistol, a shotgun, a triple-barrelled chain gun, a rocket-propelled grenade launcher, pipe bombs, freeze and shrink rays, laser land mines, and the rapid-fire "Devastator" rocket launcher.
DMT can be inhaled using a bong, typically when sandwiched between layers of plant matter, using a specially designed pipe, or by using an e-cigarette once it has been dissolved in propylene glycol or vegetable glycerin.
No longer able to hold the glassblowing pipe, he hired others to do the work.
The Edinburgh Military Tattoo, occupies the Castle Esplanade every night for three weeks each August, with massed pipe bands and military bands drawn from around the world.
In Le Bon Bock (1873), a large, cheerful, bearded man sits with a pipe in one hand and a glass of beer in the other, looking straight at the viewer.
Musicologists typically only classify music as electrophones if the sound is initially produced by electricity, excluding electronically controlled acoustic instruments such as pipe organs and amplified instruments such as electric guitars.
Thus, it has been more recently proposed, for example, that the pipe organ (even if it uses electric key action to control solenoid valves) remain in the aerophones category, and that the electric guitar remain in the chordophones category, and so on.
Composers for pipe organ
The Ebow was invented by Greg Heet, as a way to make a note on an electric guitar string resonate continuously, creating an effect that sounds similar to a bowed violin note or a sustained pipe organ note.
In estimating capital cost, it typically requires an insignificant amount of labor, and possibly not much more in materials, to install a larger capacity electrical wire or pipe having significantly greater capacity.
 Flageolet (organ stop), a pipe organ component
Individual smiths and specialized applications have fostered the development of a variety of forges of this type, from the coal forge described above to simpler constructions amounting to a hole in the ground with a pipe leading into it.
The solution has been the development of the double horn, which combines the two into one horn with a single lead pipe and bell.
The Spook has followed the Phantom around the world adopting local fashions; for example, the British adaptation of the U.S. "Phantom Man" is a Spook that sometimes wears a bowler hat and smokes a pipe.
 Tata Piti cable landing station: VSNL Transpacific, Tata TGN-Intra Asia, and Pipe Pacific Cable-1
In 2006, the 1907 portrait, Adele Bloch-Bauer I, was purchased for the Neue Galerie New York by Ronald Lauder reportedly for US$135 million, surpassing Picasso's 1905 Boy With a Pipe (sold May 5, 2004 for $104 million), as the highest reported price ever paid for a painting up to that point.
There were many other interactive exhibits, a cafe, a shop and one of Britain's fastest cybercafés (a one gigabit pipe and a theoretical maximum speed per computer of 100 Mbit).
He composed music for a musical clock with a pipe organ built by Charles Clay; it was bought by Gerrit Braamcamp and was in 2016 acquired by the Museum Speelklok in Utrecht.
Typically, galvanized piping rusts from the inside out, building up layers of plaque on the inside of the piping, causing both water pressure problems and eventual pipe failure.
A low rumbling sound came from underground, and then, with a force that shot 6 tons of 4-inch (100 mm) diameter pipe out over the top of the derrick, knocking off the crown block, the Lucas Gusher roared in and the Spindletop oil field was born.
Some are similar to a pipe organ, but others are unique to the instrument.
In contrast to piano and pipe organ keys, Hammond keys have a flat-front profile, commonly referred to as "waterfall" style.
In 1936, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) filed a complaint claiming that the Hammond Company made "false and misleading" claims in advertisements for its organ, including that the Hammond could produce "the entire range of tone coloring of a pipe organ".
During the auditory tests, sustained tones and excerpts from musical works were played on the electric and pipe organs while a group of musicians and laymen attempted to distinguish between the instruments.
To address concerns that the sound of the Hammond was not rich enough to accurately mimic a pipe organ, the model BC was introduced in December 1936.
The instrument was not initially favored by classical organ purists, because the tones of two notes an octave apart were in exact synchronization, as opposed to the slight variation present on a pipe organ.
Hans-Ulrich Rudel, the top  pilot of the war, recalled twice meeting Göring dressed in outlandish costumes: first, a medieval hunting costume, practicing archery with his doctor; and second, dressed in a red toga fastened with a golden clasp, smoking an unusually large pipe.
 Pipe drift (Blacksmithing - spreading a punched hole to proper size and/or shape)
Drilling rigs are powered mechanically by rotating the drill pipe from above.
The first Pipe Roll that is known to have survived dates from 1130, recording royal expenditures.
Like a pipe organ, a harpsichord may have more than one keyboard manual, and even a pedal board.
To describe the pitch of the choirs of strings, pipe organ terminology is used.
In 1996 English engineer Frederick Philip Selwyn patented a more compact hydraulic ram pump where the waste valve used the venturi effect and was arranged concentrically around the input pipe.
The momentum of the water flow in the inlet pipe against the now closed waste valve causes a water hammer that raises the pressure in the pump beyond the pressure caused by the water column pressing down from the outlet.
Because this water is being forced uphill through the delivery pipe farther than it is falling downhill from the source, the flow slows; when the flow reverses, the delivery check valve [5] closes.
The portion of water available at the delivery pipe will be reduced by the ratio of the delivery head to the supply head.
The drive pipe should be of constant diameter and material, and should be as straight as possible.
The delivery pipe is much less critical since the pressure vessel prevents water hammer effects from traveling up it.
This may take some time, depending on supply pipe length and diameter.
Closing the valve until the ram starts cycling, then gradually opening it to fill the delivery pipe.
Air can enter if the supply water level is not at least a few inches above the input end of the supply pipe.
In recent years, additional attractions have been added to entertain the crowds as they wait for midnight, such as fire poi, a pipe band, street drumming and a firework display after the last fireball is cast into the sea.
It is consumed by smoking, typically in a pipe, bong, vaporizer or joint, or via oral ingestion.
Icelandic music was modernised in the 19th century, when Magnús Stephensen brought pipe organs, which were followed by harmoniums.
(For this reason, some publications which use the current IPA pipe letters disallow IPA brackets.)
As a pain reliever, she was prescribed opium, and assigned the task of preparing her pipe to Pei.
Pei's architectural team added more fill to cover the pipe and developed an elaborate ventilation system to conquer the odor.
He was a lifelong smoker, who smoked both a pipe and cigarettes.
In one incident, Rodriguez reported to authorities that Brown beat her with an iron pipe and shot at her car.
In the 1951 animated film adaptation of the previous book, the raths are depicted as small, multi-coloured creatures with tufty hair, round eyes, and long legs resembling pipe stems.
Peel appeared on one Dandelion release: the David Bedford album Nurses Song with Elephants, recorded at the Marquee Studios, as part of a group playing twenty-seven plastic pipe twirlers on the track "Some Bright Stars for Queen's College".
He proposed, for example, a method for constructing a flexible pipe to be used for pumping water under the River Clyde at Glasgow.
In the 1940s, new interpretations of John's reign began to emerge, based on research into the record evidence of his reign, such as pipe rolls, charters, court documents and similar primary records.
On some engines a heat valve on the manifold would route the exhaust gases around the intake pipe, heating the kerosene to the point where it was vaporized and could be ignited by an electric spark.
Photographs of inanimate objects such as a coins, keys and leaves can be made more effectively by grounding the object to the earth, a cold water pipe or to the opposite (polarity) side of the high-voltage source.
It is also widely used by pipe bands.
Ceremonial kilts have also been developed for the US Marine Corps, and the pipe and drum bands of the US Military Academy, US Naval Academy and Norwich University – The Military College of Vermont.
One police officer present that day described the first bomb as one of "the most dangerous pipe bombs he had ever seen" and went on to say: 
The Kinglassie & District Pipe Band was reformed in 1982.
Of the sources of lead for recycling, lead–acid batteries are the most important; lead pipe, sheet, and cable sheathing are also significant.
The UK's largest pipe organ is at the Royal Albert Hall.
However, O'Malley was interested in his park under only his conditions, and the plans for a new stadium in Brooklyn seemed like a pipe dream.
In the 1890s the company—which used the slogan,"Everything in music"—began building pipe organs.
They also made small pipe organs.
When a fluid is flowing through a closed channel such as a pipe or between two flat plates, either of two types of flow may occur depending on the velocity and viscosity of the fluid: laminar flow or turbulent flow.
Between 1781 and 1804 the Mytischinskiy water pipe (the first in Russia) was built.
Traditional industry consists of boat building and handicrafts, while modern industry is limited to a few tuna canneries, five garment factories, a bottling plant, and a few enterprises in the capital producing PVC pipe, soap, furniture, and food products.
The type of ventral drop tank was changed, it now had fins and was suspended on a slanted pipe.
While their devout teacher, Lämpel, is busy at church, the boys invade his home and fill his favorite pipe with gunpowder.
But: "Time that comes will quick repair; yet the pipe retains its share."
In practice, a flattened thin-wall, closed-end tube is connected at the hollow end to a fixed pipe containing the fluid pressure to be measured.
This joins the inlet pipe to the fixed end of the Bourdon tube (1) and secures the chassis plate (B).
Early versions of the pipe organ, fiddle (or vielle), and a precursor to the modern trombone (called the sackbut) were used.
Some instruments, such as piano and pipe organ, regularly use both treble and bass clefs.
However, once a student learns that most Baroque instrumental music was associated with dances, such as the gavotte and the sarabande, and keyboard music from the Baroque era was played on the harpsichord or the pipe organ, a modern-day student is better able to understand how the piece should be played.
The coarse opening of the throttle would cause fuel surging and lead to excessive jet pipe temperatures.
Starting in the 1890s with such cases as Addyston Pipe and Steel Company v. United States, the courts attacked large companies for strategizing with others or within their own companies to maximize profits.
Many keyboard instruments dating from before the nineteenth century, such as harpsichords and pipe organs, have a keyboard with the colours of the keys reversed: the white notes are made of ebony and the black notes are covered with softer white bone.
Modifying the length or width of the tube of a wind instrument, brass instrument, pipe, bell, or similar instrument to adjust the pitch.
Normally this would cause the consuming program to run, emptying the pipe again.
In 1997, the Danish National Bank began circulating the 500-krone banknote with the portrait of Bohr smoking a pipe.
Nitric acid was pumped out from a earthenware pipe that was sunk down to the bottom of the pot.
Four pipe fitters had liquid Tabun drain onto them and died before their rubber suits could be removed.
The distribution pipe is welded.
 National pipe thread, U.S. standards
Like the assembly-like shading languages it was replacing, it allowed replacing the fixed-function vertex and fragment pipe with shaders, though this time written in a C-like high-level language.
However, at least two tartans with Orkney connections have been registered and a tartan has been designed for Sanday by one of the island's residents, and there are pipe bands in Orkney.
In the Baroque music era (1600–1750), orchestras were often led by the concertmaster, or by a chord-playing musician performing the basso continuo parts on a harpsichord or pipe organ, a tradition that some 20th century and 21st century early music ensembles continue.
Typically, this would be a harpsichord player, a pipe organist, or a lutist or theorbo player.
The traditional opium pipe is known as a "dream stick.” The term dope entered the English language in the early nineteenth century, originally referring to viscous liquids, particularly sauces or gravy.
Therefore, since the second decade of the 21st century, Poland has been strongly developing the so-called North Gate in which the most important components are the Baltic Pipe, the Świnoujście LNG terminal and Floating Storage and Regasification Unit in Port of Gdańsk.
Unlike the pipe organ and harpsichord, two major keyboard instruments widely used before the piano, the piano allows gradations of volume and tone according to how forcefully or softly a performer presses or strikes the keys.
The Madradağ aqueduct was a ceramic pipe with a diameter of 18 cm which already brought water to the citadel from a source over 40 kilometres away in the Madradağ mountains at 1174 m above sea level in the Hellenistic period.
It functioned as a communicating vessel, such that the water rose to the height of the citadel on its own as a result of the pressurised pipe.
A positive-displacement pump makes a fluid move by trapping a fixed amount and forcing (displacing) that trapped volume into the discharge pipe.
Devised in China as chain pumps over 1000 years ago, these pumps can be made from very simple materials: A rope, a wheel and a PVC pipe are sufficient to make a simple rope pump.
This increase in energy is converted to a gain in potential energy (pressure) when the velocity is reduced prior to or as the flow exits the pump into the discharge pipe.
Closed bodies of fluid are either "static", when the fluid is not moving, or "dynamic", when the fluid can move as in either a pipe or by compressing an air gap in a closed container.
After a new steam engine had an accident (cracked pipe weld) his experiments were banned by the Austro-Hungarian police as dangerous.
The pan flute's tubes are stopped at one end, at which the standing wave is reflected giving a note an octave lower than that produced by an open pipe of equal length.
Between 1915 and 1917, Picasso began a series of paintings depicting highly geometric and minimalist Cubist objects, consisting of either a pipe, a guitar or a glass, with an occasional element of collage.
Urban VII's short passage in office gave rise to the world's first known public smoking ban, as he threatened to excommunicate anyone who "took tobacco in the porchway of or inside a church, whether it be by chewing it, smoking it with a pipe or sniffing it in powdered form through the nose".
To appease the spirit of the bear, traditional song and drum music was played, and the skull was ceremonially fed and offered a pipe.
The choice of additives used for the PVC finished product is controlled by the cost performance requirements of the end use specification (underground pipe, window frames, intravenous tubing and flooring all have very different ingredients to suit their performance requirements).
In the private homeowner market, it accounts for 66% of the household market in the US, and in household sanitary sewer pipe applications, it accounts for 75%.
In February 2007 the California Building Standards Code was updated to approve the use of chlorinated polyvinyl chloride (CPVC) pipe for use in residential water supply piping systems.
In 1867 at the American Institute Fair in New York, Alfred Ely Beach demonstrated a  long,  diameter pipe that was capable of moving 12 passengers plus a conductor.
 Quimby Pipe Organs, an American company founded 1970
According to the EPA, the method to reduce radon "...primarily used is a vent pipe system and fan, which pulls radon from beneath the house and vents it to the outside", which is also called sub-slab depressurization, active soil depressurization, or soil suction.
The larger enterprises produce beer, soft drinks, cigarettes, hoes, wheelbarrows, soap,  mattresses, plastic pipe, roofing materials, and bottled water.
The same man was targeted in a pipe bomb attack on his home on 25 October, the RIRA did not claim responsibility for the attack, but security forces believe they were responsible for it.
Other jobs are physically inaccessible, such as exploring another planet, cleaning the inside of a long pipe, or performing laparoscopic surgery.
Woodwind instruments (aerophones) produce sound by means of a vibrating column of air within the pipe.
To play the shawm a person puts the entire reed in their mouth, puffs out their cheeks, and blows into the pipe whilst breathing through their nose.
On 11 May 1972, the RAF placed three pipe bombs at a United States headquarters in Frankfurt.
The use of objects as other than what they seem is typified in his painting, The Treachery of Images (La trahison des images), which shows a pipe that looks as though it is a model for a tobacco store advertisement.
In John Green's fictional novel (2012) and movie (2014), The Fault in Our Stars, the main character Hazel Grace Lancaster wears a tee shirt with Magritte's, The Treachery of Images, (This is not a pipe.)
Owen floated the idea that Robin Hood might be identified with an outlawed Robert Hood, or Hod, or Hobbehod, all apparently the same man, referred to in nine successive Yorkshire Pipe Rolls between 1226 and 1234.
Nevertheless, it ran the next day and reached  before the repaired pipe failed and damaged the engine severely enough that it had to be withdrawn.
David Lasocki reports the earliest use of "recorder" in the household accounts of the Earl of Derby (later King Henry IV) in 1388, which register  (one pipe called 'Recordour').
The recorder produces sound in the manner of a whistle or an organ flue pipe.
 Bend radius, the maximum radius to which one can bend a pipe, tube, sheet, cable, or hose without damage
 David Wise, five-time World Cup medalist and Olympic gold medalist in half pipe skiing
On Christmas Eve, they landed six-inch pipe below the sand at , then enjoyed the holiday, returning New Year's Day.
The canal is  long, with about  of underground pipe, and begins on the Old Sabine River  north of Niblett's Bluff.
The Pipe Store is a building where the remains of some 325 people, men, women, and children disinterred during airport construction were being stored pending reburial since 2008.
For instance the Lakota people use a ceremonial pipe called čhaŋnúŋpa.
The bowl (1) which is the cup-like outer shell, the part hand-held while packing, holding and smoking a pipe, is also the part "knocked" top-down to loosen and release impacted spent tobacco.
– Pipe with a long stem.
Gillette chose a bent pipe, more easily clenched in the teeth when delivering lines.
Briar is a particularly well suited wood for pipe making for a number of reasons.
Forming the pipe involved making them in moulds with the bore created by pushing an oiled wire inside the stem.
General Douglas MacArthur and Mark Twain were perhaps the most famous smokers of this type of pipe, along with the cartoon characters Popeye and Frosty the Snowman.
 Army – Enables the pipe smoker to remove the stem from the shank while hot without fear of warping.
Pipe tobacco can be purchased in several forms, which vary both in flavour (leading to many blends and opportunities for smokers to blend their own tobaccos) and in the physical shape and size to which the tobacco has been reduced.
Too finely cut tobacco does not allow enough air to flow through the pipe, and overly dry tobacco burns too quickly with little flavour.
Some pipe tobaccos are cut into long narrow ribbons.
In the most common method of packing, tobacco is added to the bowl of the pipe in several batches, each one pressed down until the mixture has a uniform density that optimizes airflow (something that it is difficult to gauge without practice).
A traditional way of packing the pipe is to fill the bowl and then pack gently to about  full, fill again and pack slightly more firmly to about  full, and then pack more firmly still to the top.
Packing method and humidity can affect how often a pipe must be relit.
However, due to aggressive (hot) smoking or imperfections in the wood, a hole can be burned in the tobacco chamber of the pipe.
These generally involve coating the chamber with any of a variety of substances, or by gently smoking a new pipe to build up a cake (a mixture of ash, unburned tobacco, oils, sugars, and other residue) on the walls.
Burley is often recommended to help a new pipe build cake.
It is normal to have to relight a pipe periodically.
The bowl of the pipe can also become uncomfortably hot, depending on the material and the rate of smoking.
A pipe should be allowed to cool before removing the stem to avoid the possibility of warping it.
The cake can be controlled by gentle reaming, but a buildup of tars in the shank and airway of a pipe is more difficult to deal with.
Off shore oil vessels – Platform supply vessel, pipe layers, accommodation and crane barges, non and semi-submersible drilling rigs, production platforms, floating production storage and offloading units.
Not to be confused with the Scottish pipe band tenor drum which has no snare.
The music played by pipe band snare drummers can be technically difficult, and requires a high degree of rudimental ability, similar to that of marching bands.
It is a double-headed drum with a single snare strand, and was often played along with the three-holed pipe flute.
Numerous obstacles themed from the Mario series appear, such as Thwomps in the Bowser's Castle tracks, the Cheep-Cheeps from Super Mario World in Koopa Beach and pipe barriers which are found in the Mario Circuit tracks.
Used in the pipe and in the park on various jumps and terrain features including boxes, rails, and urban features.
After his heart attack, James gave up his heavy cigarette habit and instead smoked a pipe or an occasional cigar; he lost weight, ate only one main meal a day, and limited himself to two or three alcoholic drinks per evening.
A home-made derivative of a slingshot also exists, consisting of a rubber balloon cut in half and tied to a tubular object such as the neck of a plastic bottle, or a small pipe.
In autumn 1997, an extended intake air pipe was installed at a location approximately 25 m above the Atotsu tunnel entrance.
On February 26, 1976, a Los Angeles county grand jury indicted Kathleen Ann Soliah on explosives and conspiracy charges, accusing her of planting pipe bombs under two LAPD squad cars in August 1975, with the intent to kill police officers in retribution for the SLA member deaths in the May 17th shootout.
Prosecutors alleged that a pipe bomb had been found in Kilgore's apartment in 1975 and that he had obtained a passport under a false name.
This method is similar to the addition/subtraction technique used for high-speed electronic circuits with the logarithmic number system in specialized computer applications like the Gravity Pipe (GRAPE) supercomputer and hidden Markov models.
Shriners often participate in local parades, sometimes as rather elaborate units: miniature vehicles in themes (all sports cars; all miniature 18-wheeler trucks; all fire engines, and so on), an "Oriental Band" dressed in cartoonish versions of Middle Eastern dress; pipe bands, drummers, motorcycle units, Drum and Bugle Corps, and traditional brass bands.
Making a drastic decision, Zateyev ordered the engineering section to fabricate a new coolant system by cutting off an air vent valve and welding a water-supply pipe to it.
Since the acid may react with water vigorously, such acidic drain openers should be added slowly into the pipe to be cleaned.
 Tenaris (NYSE symbol), a global manufacturer of steel pipe products
In 2018, the US imported 300,000 metric tons of pipe and tube product.
In the ensuing chase, Reese is wounded by gunfire while throwing pipe bombs at the Terminator.
He jams his final pipe bomb into its midsection, blowing it apart at the cost of his life, as the explosion kills him and injures Sarah.
The backing pressure is rarely below 10−3 mbar (mean free path ≈ 70 mm) because the flow resistance of the vacuum pipe between the turbopump and the roughing pump becomes significant.
The previous night, Andy used the rope to escape through the tunnel and prison sewage pipe, taking Norton's suit, shoes, and ledger, containing proof of the money laundering.
While the film portrays the iconic scene of Andy escaping to freedom through a sewer pipe described as a "river of shit", Robbins crawls through a mixture of water, chocolate syrup, and sawdust.
Because of its extreme non-reactivity and high temperature rating, PTFE is often used as the liner in hose assemblies, expansion joints, and in industrial pipe lines, particularly in applications using acids, alkalis, or other chemicals.
In Taíno, it was said to mean either a roll of tobacco leaves (according to Bartolomé de las Casas, 1552), or to tabago, a kind of L-shaped pipe used for sniffing tobacco smoke (according to Oviedo, with the leaves themselves being referred to as cohiba).
Cavendish can be produced from any tobacco type, but is usually one of, or a blend of Kentucky, Virginia, and burley, and is most commonly used for pipe tobacco and cigars.
Pipe tobacco, chewing tobacco, and snuff are fire-cured.
Hookah is a single- or multistemmed (often glass-based) water pipe for smoking.
It has been proposed that Roman lead pipe inscriptions were created with movable type printing, but German typographer Herbert Brekle recently dismissed this view.
The fluid then passes through a diffuser which is a progressively enlarging pipe, which permits recovery of the dynamic pressure.
He began experimenting with making pipe bombs and other small explosive devices.
A pipe is a connection from the host controller to a logical entity within a device, called an endpoint.
The Coast Guard Pipe Band, a special musical unit composed of active, reserve and auxiliary members, wears a modified form of highland dress, including kilt and sporran.
The advanced clean car rules program was made to reduce tail pipe emissions.
The Schedule system is used for standard pipe thicknesses.
The generic name "[thermionic] valve" used in the UK derives from the unidirectional current flow allowed by the earliest device, the thermionic diode emitting electrons from a heated filament, by analogy with a non-return valve in a water pipe.
Smoking pipe factory, sawmills and even a tiny candy factory emerged.
While this avoids the need for two carburettors, it creates further cooling problems for the rear cylinder by placing its hot exhaust port and pipe at the back of the cylinder, where it may be exposed to less cooling airflow.
The use of the inverted siphon is described in detail, together with the problems of high pressures developed in the pipe at the base of the siphon, a practical problem with which he seems to be acquainted.
He did not use cigarettes with filters and had smoked a pipe as a young man.
The Hunterian Museum at the University of Glasgow has a permanent exhibition on the work of Kelvin including many of his original papers, instruments, and other artefacts, such as his smoking pipe.
To overcome the problems in a Wankel engine of differences in temperatures between different regions of housing and side and intermediary plates, and the associated thermal dilatation inequities, a heat pipe has been used to transport heat from the hot to the cold parts of engine.
: 'A Heat Pipe Assisted Air-Cooled Rotary Wankel Engine for Improved Durability, Power and Efficiency', SAE paper 2014-01-2160
On the other hand, Taft's opinion in United States v. Addyston Pipe and Steel Co. was upheld unanimously by the high court.
Elm in particular was used for this purpose as it resisted decay as long as it was kept wet (it also served for water pipe before the advent of more modern plumbing).
A portrait of Faulkner smoking a pipe features in the BOSS coffee logo.
In May 2021, the Wellington City Council approved a 10 year plan that included expenditure of $2.7billion on water pipe maintenance and upgrades in Wellington city, and an additional $147 to $208 million for plant upgrades at the Moa Point wastewater treatment plant.
"On the morning of March 6, 1970, three of my comrades were building pipe bombs packed with dynamite and nails, destined for a dance of non-commissioned officers and their dates at Fort Dix, New Jersey, that night."
Inspired by the high pressure jet systems used in hydraulic mining in the gold fields, Knight developed a bucketed wheel which captured the energy of a free jet, which had converted a high head (hundreds of vertical feet in a pipe or penstock) of water to kinetic energy.
Japanese tractor and iron pipe brand, Kubota founded in Osaka, Japan.
It was 30-feet long, "all-electric and had vertical and horizontal propellers clutched to the same shaft, with a 20-feet breathing pipe and an airlock for a diver."
This is the earliest date for the making of Cheddar Cheese in Somerset (this according to a pipe roll of Henry II, who purchases 10,240 lb of Cheddar at a farthing per pound).
Examples of special-purpose supercomputers include Belle, Deep Blue, and Hydra for playing chess, Gravity Pipe for astrophysics, MDGRAPE-3 for protein structure prediction and molecular dynamics, and Deep Crack for breaking the DES cipher.
Zelazny was also a passionate cigarette and pipe smoker (until he quit in the early '80s), so much so, that he made many of his protagonists heavy smokers as well.
A pipe leads from the tank to a poppet valve, and then to the decomposition chamber of the rocket motor.
Whether or not underground, it needs to be housed in a pipe that is vacuum pumped in order to prevent internal air drag, such as with a mechanical shutter kept closed most of the time but a plasma window used during the moments of firing to prevent loss of vacuum.
Kurwenal replies that only Isolde's arrival can save Tristan, and the shepherd offers to keep watch and claims that he will pipe a joyful tune to mark the arrival of any ship.
Recreational nicotine products include chewing tobacco, cigars, cigarettes, e-cigarettes, snuff, pipe tobacco, and snus.
The word bong is an adaptation of the Thai word bong or baung (, ), which refers to a cylindrical wooden tube, pipe, or container cut from bamboo, and which also refers to the bong used for smoking.
The water pipe employed since the Qing dynasty can be divided into two types: the homemade bamboo bong commonly made and used by country people, and a more elegant metal version employed by Chinese merchants, urbanites, and nobility.
It may have smaller holes to hold various pipe tools.
Unlike in North America and the Southern Hemisphere, the water pipe is typically employed by older generations.
The Scandinavian Tobacco Group produces cigars in the Dominican Republic, Honduras, Nicaragua, Indonesia, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark and the United States; it also makes pipe tobacco and fine cut tobacco.
In some metropolitan areas, underground transmission cables are enclosed by metal pipe and insulated with dielectric fluid (usually an oil) that is either static or circulated via pumps.
Zhukov was able to gauge Stalin's mood: for example, when Stalin drew deeply on his tobacco pipe, it was a sign of a good mood.
Competitors perform tricks while going from one side to the other and while in the air above the sides of the pipe.
 Pipe and drape—fixed or telescopic uprights and horizontals provide a ground supported drape system with removable panels.
Operated by Olympic Pipe Line Company, the gas line that crossed Whatcom and Hanna Creeks leaked highly flammable material that turned the creeks pink, and then exploded into flames.
This style includes field music units such as drum and bugle corps or bugle bands and/or fanfare bands, pipe bands, and fife and drum corps, as well as police bands of police and fire departments.
Simon Fraser University Pipe Band 
To facilitate making the mouthpiece accessible to players of different height or body shapes, most sousaphones contain a detachable tubing gooseneck which arises from the lead pipe on the upwind side of the valves.
Outside the stadium's main entrance gate, stands a  tall exhaust pipe in the shape of a baseball bat, complete with tape at the handle that frays off at the end.
The Synod Hall also contains a three-manual Skinner pipe organ.
The band named themselves after a wind-channeling pipe sculpture titled A Sound Garden, on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration property at 7600 Sand Point Way, next to Magnuson Park in Seattle.
The Lewis Pipe Band was founded in 1904 and the Lewis and Harris Piping Society in 1977.
A sleeve coupling consists of a pipe whose bore is finished to the required tolerance based on the shaft size.
The hollow pipe is fitted over a two or more ends of the shafts with the help of the taper sunk key.
Since the pipe is a conductor, insulated by its protective coating from the earth, it acts as a secondary winding for a long, drawn out transformer whose primary winding is the power line.
Likewise, when playing a harmonica or pitch pipe, one may alter the shape of their mouth to amplify specific overtones.
Next, the example of sound waves in a pipe demonstrates how the same principles can be applied to longitudinal waves with analogous boundary conditions.
The wave propagates by alternately compressing and expanding air in segments of the pipe, which displaces the air slightly from its rest position and transfers energy to neighboring segments through the forces exerted by the alternating high and low air pressures.
If identical right- and left-traveling waves travel through the pipe, the resulting superposition is described by the sum
In terms of reflections, open ends partially reflect waves back into the pipe, allowing some energy to be released into the outside air.
This pipe has boundary conditions analogous to the string with only one fixed end.
We can also consider a pipe that is closed at both ends.
The original and most common meaning is a hollow conductive metal pipe used to carry high frequency radio waves, particularly microwaves.
One can also use small prisms around the pipe which reflect light via total internal reflection —such confinement is necessarily imperfect, however, since total internal reflection can never truly guide light within a lower-index core (in the prism case, some light leaks out at the prism corners).
At other times, cannabis is smoked in a water pipe referred to as a "chalice": styles include kutchies, chillums, and steamers.
Most systems use 100 or 130 mm (4 or 5 inch) diameter aluminum pipe.
A drive system (often found near the centre of the wheel line) rotates the clamped-together pipe sections as a single axle, rolling the whole wheel line.
Examples found to date include a possible Neanderthal fipple flute from Slovenia, which according to some scientists may date from 81,000 to 53,000 BC; a German flute from 35,000 years ago; and a flute, known as the Malham Pipe, made from sheep's bone in West Yorkshire dating to the Iron Age.
Storage tanks may be equipped with a whistle vent which sounds continually as the tank is being filled; when the tank level covers the vent pipe, the whistle stops and the tank is full.
The tank engine exhaust pipe ran just below the ground and opened into all three gas chambers.
(Russia needed the technology because it lacked high strength drill pipe.)
Then as it flows down the pipe, the fluid needs to gel to support the proppant and flush it deep into the fractures.
feedgnuplot provides a plotting of stored and realtime data from a pipe.
Choirs may sing without instrumental accompaniment, with the accompaniment of a piano or pipe organ, a small ensemble, or an orchestra.
The figured bass part was performed by the basso continuo group, which at minimum included a chord-playing instrument (e.g., pipe organ, harpsichord, lute) and a bass instrument (e.g., violone).
The Romans used lead pipe inscriptions to prevent water theft.
Roman lead pipe inscriptions provided information on the owner to prevent water theft.
Pipe is available in rigid joints, which come in various lengths depending on the material.
Thicker walled pipe generally implies greater durability and higher pressure tolerances.
Wall thickness does not affect pipe or tubing size.
Today, most plumbing supply pipe is made out of steel, copper, and plastic; most waste (also known as "soil") out of steel, copper, plastic, and cast iron.
Pipe normally has thicker walls and may be threaded or welded, while tubing is thinner-walled and requires special joining techniques such as brazing, compression fitting, crimping, or for plastics, solvent welding.
Most typical single family home systems won't require supply piping larger than  due to expense as well as steel piping's tendency to become obstructed from internal rusting and mineral deposits forming on the inside of the pipe over time once the internal galvanizing zinc coating has degraded.
Copper pipe and tubing was widely used for domestic water systems in the latter half of the twentieth century.
In the 1950s, plastics manufacturers in Western Europe and Japan began producing acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) pipe.
PBT – flexible (usually gray or black) plastic pipe which is attached to barbed fittings and secured in place with a copper crimp ring.
Some of the locations where these opportunistic pathogens can grow include faucets, shower heads, water heaters and along pipe walls.
The cause was due to arcing on the RAT's electrical terminals, burning a hole in an adjacent fuel pipe and setting the fuel on fire.
The revolver is now a pistol, the lead pipe and spanner/wrench have been removed, and a baseball bat, axe, dumbbell, trophy, and poison have been added.
The second microphone is covered in a wind screen and tightly attached to the rear bumper, within an inch or so of the tail pipe.
 Threads, a 2021 album by the Verve Pipe
ASME B16.5 refers to nominal pipe sizes (NPS) from " to 24".
Materials for flanges are usually under ASME designation: SA-105 (Specification for Carbon Steel Forgings for Piping Applications), SA-266 (Specification for Carbon Steel Forgings for Pressure Vessel Components), or SA-182 (Specification for Forged or Rolled Alloy-Steel Pipe Flanges, Forged Fittings, and Valves and Parts for High-Temperature Service).
 A 1.800 m² skateboard park with a bank ramp of 20°, a square-rail, a pyramid ledges and a quarter pipe.
Because music often plays an important part in the performance of the liturgy, cathedrals generally have a pipe organ to accompany the choir.Cathedrals always have a font or water basin at which the rite of Baptism is performed, in which a person is formally accepted into the Christian church.
Cycladic marble figures depict the use of both the musical pipe and the cithara.
The various shields used in hard line also differ; some forms use rigid tubing, or pipe, while others may use a corrugated tubing, which makes bending easier, as well as reduces kinking when the cable is bent to conform.
In high groundwater conditions a perforated plastic (PVC or PE) pipe is laid along the base of the drain to increase the volume of water transported in the drain.
At Addyston Pipe and Steel Company v. United States, 85 F.2d 1, affirmed, 175 U. S. 175 U.S. 211;
Walking tours include the Rim Trail, which runs west from the Pipe Creek viewpoint for about  of paved road, followed by  unpaved to Hermit's Rest.
The water table is the level to which water will rise in a large-diameter pipe (e.g., a well) that goes down into the aquifer and is open to the atmosphere.
IED (barrel bomb, nail bomb, pipe bomb, pressure cooker bomb, fertilizer bomb, molotov cocktail)
This pipe is usually manually operated, but is increasingly automated in modern cotton plants.
They may be used to model the weather, ocean currents, water flow in a pipe and air flow around a wing.
Pliny the Elder writes that in Myra there was the spring of Apollo called Curium and when summoned three times by the pipe the fishes come to give oracular responses.
 Prince Albert (tobacco), a brand of pipe tobacco
The city's water system has two water treatment plants, nine processed water reservoirs, one raw water reservoir, and some  of pipe.
Photo of Barnes smoking a pipe and inspecting a parking meter, page 5
In the linear laminar flow region, Poiseuille's law describes the hydraulic resistance of a pipe, but in the turbulent flow region the pressure–flow relations become nonlinear.
The Westinghouse system used a compressor on the locomotive, a reservoir and a special valve on each car, and a single pipe running the length of the train (with flexible connections) which both refilled the reservoirs and controlled the brakes, allowing the engineer to apply and release the brakes simultaneously on all cars.
The name (car-buretter) may refer to the small pipe (burette) that carries the fuel (by negative air pressure in a venturi) into the airstream entering the engine.
The pipe is in the form of a venturi: it narrows in section and then widens again, causing the airflow to increase in speed in the narrowest part.
It has the only organ that has been preserved in Cuba with its original pipe and machinery in its original location.
In the Baroque orchestra from the 1600s–1750 (or with modern groups playing early music) harpsichord is almost always used to play the basso continuo part (the written-out bass line and improvised chords), and often a theorbo or lute or a pipe organ.
A cornett consists of a conical wooden pipe covered in leather, is about  long, and has finger holes and a small horn, ivory, or bone mouthpiece.
Clarence Lusane and Dennis Desmond, Pipe Dream Blues: Racism and the War on Drugs, South End Press, 1991, .
The ancient Chinese also made use of channels and pipe systems for public works.
The  Goldfields Water Supply Scheme in Western Australia using 750 mm (30 inch) pipe and completed in 1903 was the largest water supply scheme of its time.The Forrest family  Dynasties, ABC.
The casing vent, a pipe protruding from the ground, often doubles as a warning marker called a casing vent marker''.
Inability to find flaws in pre-1971 ERW seam welded pipe flaws was a contributing factor to the accident.
June 27, 2014 – An explosion occurred after a natural gas pipe line ruptured in Nagaram village, East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India causing 16 deaths and destroying "scores of homes".
The first application of the  theorem in the general case to the dependence of pressure drop in a pipe upon governing parameters probably dates back to 1892, a heuristic proof with the use of series expansions, to 1894.
The stored water can be extracted with a well, through the dam body, or by means of a drain pipe.
A Pipe Conveyor is used for material travel paths that require sharper bends and inclines up to 35 degrees.
However, in this case, the idler frame completely surrounds the conveyor belt helping it to retain the pipe section while pushing it forward.
While attending the University of Wisconsin–Stout, Helder planned to plant pipe bombs in mailboxes across the United States to create a smiley face shape on the United States map.
His widow, Mary requested that the eight-foot-tall monument not show Wilson holding his famous pipe as she feared it would make the representation a caricature.
Other shows include the minor hit Flower Drum Song (1958), as well as relative failures Allegro (1947), Me and Juliet (1953), and Pipe Dream (1955).
The elders say that the Hinono'eino ("Arapaho proper") and Beesowuunenno ("Big Lodge People" or "Brush-Hut/Shelter People") fought over the tribal symbols – the sacred pipe and lance.
The Great Spirit suggests to Flat Pipe that he create creatures to build a world.
Flat Pipe then goes about creating men, women, and animals to populate the earth.
Zybach moved back from Colorado to Columbus, opened a shop, hired a few men, moved the height of the pipe up to , and went into business.
When the ingredients are finely divided, confined in a pipe and armed like a traditional explosive, this cryo-thermite is detonatable and a portion of the carbon liberated in the reaction emerges in the form of diamond.
The phrase "tobacco industry" generally refers to the companies involved in the manufacture of cigarettes, cigars, snuff, chewing tobacco and pipe tobacco.
Music was traditionally provided by either a pipe and tabor or a fiddle.
having a local secondary school or installing full-area sewage collection pipe network).
Fusion Provida based on B6057/A61 junction in Chesterfield makes pipe jointings and electrofusion fittings for the oil and gas industry.
It is located west of downtown along Farmington Avenue in the Asylum Hill neighborhood and has large Parisian stained glass windows, an 8,000 pipe organ, and the largest ceramic tile mural of Christ in Glory in the world.
This mechanism quickly replaced the ancient practice of working the pipe by treading.
The contact surface between the screw and the pipe does not need to be perfectly watertight, as long as the amount of water being scooped with each turn is large compared to the amount of water leaking out of each section of the screw per turn.
For buried structures such as pipe, this type of attack is much rarer, especially in the eastern United States.
If the object is long and straight, such as a water pipe, the rods may point in opposite directions, showing its orientation.
Water was pumped through a pipe on the ground floor of a two-storey barn.
On the upper floor, each dowser was asked to determine the position of the pipe.
The digester is an airtight circular pit made of concrete with a pipe connection.
Between 1926 and the end of 1927, Waller recorded a series of pipe organ solo records.
Over New Year's Eve 1995/1996, a broken pipe inundated the control room in Downes' and Payne's recording studio, Electric Palace, in London.
He wrote about many happy memories from those visits in Boy: Tales of Childhood, such as when he replaced the tobacco in his half-sister's fiancé's pipe with goat droppings.
CWA workers laid 12 million feet of sewer pipe and built or improved 255,000 miles of roads, 40,000 schools, 3,700 playgrounds, and nearly 1,000 airports.
Laurel repeats the pipe joke in the 1938 film Block-Heads, again to Hardy's bemusement.
Cain is described as a city-builder, and the forefather of tent-dwelling pastoralists, all lyre and pipe players, and bronze and iron smiths.
The 'Battiste Good winter count' records Lakota history back to 900 CE when White Buffalo Calf Woman gave the Lakota people the White Buffalo Calf Pipe.
In the 1870s tribal leaders became disenchanted with the keeper of the bundle demanded the keeper Broken Dish give up the bundle; he agreed but his wife did not and desecrated the Sacred Hat and its contents; a ceremonial pipe and a buffalo horn were lost.
There warriors smoked the war pipe, passing it from camp to camp among the Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapaho.
On May 9, 1990, a failed incendiary pipe bomb was discovered in the Louisiana Pacific sawmill in Cloverdale.
FBI analysis of the explosive device determined it was a pipe bomb with nails wrapped to its surface to create shrapnel, and that it was equipped with a timer-armed motion trigger ensuring it would explode only when the car was driven.
In 2012, a federal judge ordered the FBI not to destroy the remains of that pipe bomb, as they had planned.
The leaves are generally smoked either in a cigarette or a pipe.
Learning that it paid poorly, he quit the position and found employment at a pipe works plant in nearby Bessemer.
Forced convection in turbulent pipe flow
1856 – Thomas Jeacock of Leicester patented the tubular pipe compound needle.
At I Samuel 10:3, Samuel tells Saul to go to Bethel to visit the 'Hill of God,' where he will meet a group of prophets coming down from the high place with a 'psaltery, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a harp.'
The major markets for plastics are packaging, followed by home construction, containers, appliances, pipe, transportation, toys, and games.
When the soldier's clay pipe was destroyed by a bullet, he attempted to roll his tobacco using a piece of paper torn from his bag of gunpowder.
Boom hitch – attach a line to a fixed object like a pipe
Plumbers use equipment that forces pressurised liquid CO2 into a jacket around a pipe.
Some style guides, such as Hart's, prefer to use a pipe  in place of the slash to mark these line and paragraph breaks.
Another definite resemblance is the emphasis on home comforts: Morris enjoyed a pipe, a bath, and "regular, well-cooked meals"; Morris looked as out of place in Iceland as Bilbo did "over the Edge of the Wild"; both are afraid of dark caves; and both grow through their adventures.
During the massacre, they carried lighters as well as match strikers taped to their forearms to light the pipe bombs and crickets.
Harris's journal logged the creation of 25 pipe bombs.
They would give various nick-names to their pipe bombs.
Both cafeteria bombs included a single 20 pound tank, attached pipe bombs, and supporting gasoline canisters alongside.
Eight pipe bombs were placed in Klebold's car, and one in Harris's.
Only the pipe bombs and one of the aerosol canisters detonated, causing a small fire, which was quickly extinguished by the fire department.
Klebold threw a pipe bomb towards the parking lot; the bomb only partially detonated, causing it to give off smoke.
Klebold walked over towards Sanders, who had collapsed, and tossed a pipe bomb, then returned to Harris up the library hallway.
Authorities reported pipe bombs by 1:00, and two SWAT teams entered the school at 1:09, moving from classroom to classroom, discovering hidden students and faculty.
At 10:40 p.m., a member of the bomb squad, who was attempting to dispose of an un-detonated pipe bomb, accidentally lit a striking match attached to the bomb by brushing it against the wall of the ordnance disposal trailer.
Brooks Brown wrote that pipe bombs were set in the halls of the school with the intention of causing a chain reaction, because that's what happens in Duke Nukem 3D.
The first known synthesis may have been made in the late 1940s by unknown researchers at Union Carbide, who tried to pass hot cyclopentadiene vapor through an iron pipe.
Pipe and Foundry, based in Birmingham, Alabama.
It was again shown in theaters, including some theaters where the film was accompanied by Wurlitzer pipe organs.
Newer stations may employ a single pipe for every dispenser.
The filler pipe of unleaded fuel is smaller than the one for fuels for engines designed to take leaded fuel.
The adult fly is a mimic, very close in size, color, and appearance to the organ pipe mud dauber wasp and its relatives.
(In the image at right, the water pressure below the pipe is zero.)
Rocket had 25 copper fire-tubes that carry the hot exhaust gas from the firebox, through the wet boiler to the blast pipe and chimney.
An iron pipe was then attached to her bow, angled downwards so the explosive charge would be delivered sufficiently under water to make it effective.
A drawing of the iron pipe spar, confirming her "David" type configuration, was published in early histories of submarine warfare.
Notre Dame also stands out for its musical components, notably its three pipe organs (one of which is historic) and its immense church bells.
For example, a symbol of a pump can show the operator that the pump is running, and a flow meter symbol can show how much fluid it is pumping through the pipe.
Several adult choirs and the Bendigo Youth Choir often perform overseas; the Bendigo Symphony Orchestra, the Bendigo Symphonic Band, the Bendigo and District Concert Band, several brass bands and three pipe bands perform, as well.
These works, including House with Palm Tree (1918), Nude with a Mirror (1919), Horse, Pipe and Red Flower (1920), and The Table – Still Life with Rabbit (1920), show the clear influence of Cubism, although in a restrained way, being applied to only a portion of the subject.
During his first two terms, he generally followed convention; he smoked a pipe, bought a bicycle, and gave his maiden speech at the Oxford Union, opposing the motion that "This House would welcome Prohibition".
These have resulted in a half pipe being built next to the basketball court on Stafford Orchard, and a green shelter erected on the same site.
Stafford Orchard is the large park, with a shaded area by the stream, youngster's play area and half pipe now appeals to people of all ages.
On October 2, 2021, an oil spill occurred after a pipe burst, sending oil into the ocean and on the beach.
They do not produce a sharp image, but can be used in solar power, such as for focusing sunlight on a pipe, to heat the water within.
Both ranges of processors had their own onboard cache but provided access to shared memory; the Xeon processors via a common pipe and the Opteron processors via independent pathways to the system RAM.
Let the  axis be directed down the axis of the pipe.
If the pressure decreases along the length of the pipe,  is negative but the force resulting in flow is positive along the  axis.
At that point, the fireworks in the basement go off, lit by De Pinna's untended pipe, and everyone (aside from Grandpa and Wellington) panics, leaving the whole house in an uproar as Act II ends.
There is a linear flow, much like water flowing through a pipe.
The museum displays treasures such as the Star-Spangled Banner, the stove pipe hat that was worn by President Abraham Lincoln, the ruby slippers worn by Judy Garland in The Wizard Of Oz, and the original Teddy Bear that was named after President Theodore Roosevelt.
For this reason, organic acids are used at high temperatures or when long contact times between acid and pipe are needed.
Yvette, the cop, and a singing telegram girl who arrived while the lights were out, are murdered with the rope, lead pipe, and revolver, respectively.
As the helicopter ladder is dragging Boyd across the roof with Strutt hanging on to the ladder, Strutt falls and is impaled on a metal pipe.
In 1919 Virginia Woolf briefly owned – but never lived in – the Round House, a windmill in Pipe Passage, before moving to her final home, Monk's House in Rodmell.
The plant was ultimately unsuccessful due to a failure of the deep sea cold water pipe.
With increasing vapor pressure, the size of the turbine and heat exchangers decreases while the wall thickness of the pipe and heat exchangers increase to endure high pressure especially on the evaporator side.
These sites minimize the length of the intake pipe.
As an alternative to a warm-water pipe, surface water can be drawn directly into the platform; however, it is necessary to prevent the intake flow from being damaged or interrupted during violent motions caused by heavy seas.
As cold water rises in the intake pipe, the pressure decreases to the point where gas begins to evolve.
However, the weekly critics raved about the film including Judith Crist and Pauline Kael of The New Yorker who called it "a beautiful pipe dream of a movie—a fleeting, almost diaphanous vision of what frontier life might have been," adding, "The movie is so affecting it leaves one rather dazed."
published in 1843, it was documented that Egyptians were early risers that sometimes had a first meal consisting of coffee along with the smoking of a pipe, and did not eat breakfast until noon.
The RCMP Sunset Ceremony () has taken place every summer since 1989 at the Musical Ride Centre in Ottawa, with it in recent years featuring the Ottawa Police Service Pipe Band and the Governor General's Foot Guards Band.
The following are the locations of the regional volunteer pipe bands:
They were commonly used as pipe stems in the northern United States.
Pipe organs of Brighton and Hove
Thus an acetal resin water pipe joint suddenly failed and caused substantial damages to a building in which it was situated.
The broken fuel pipe shown at left caused a serious accident when diesel fuel poured out from a van onto the road.
The opening ceremonies for Maple Leaf Gardens included a performance from the 48th Highlanders of Canada Pipe and Drums.
The gas propels the liquid fuel out of the cylinder through a flexible pipe and then into the gun element of the flamethrower system.
Thomas Becket, newly ordained as Archbishop of Canterbury, had been ordered to prepare for the coronation of Young Henry and the pipe rolls for 1162 record the allocation of funds for the commissioning of a golden circlet.
While the Irish bands of the genre make use of native instruments such as the uilleann pipe and bodhrán.
Additionally, both Southern punk rock band This Bike is a Pipe Bomb and alternative country performer Tom Russell have songs dedicated to Johnson.
A narrower pipe in the roof that fits snugly into a larger segment of the building can also be used.
The Games were marred by violence on July 27, 1996, when a pipe bomb was detonated at Centennial Olympic Park (which had been built to serve as a public focal point for the festivities), killing two and injuring 111.
The king's most famous symbol is the smoking pipe.
Mainstream commentators identify it as a Victorian-era candlestick or pipe holder.
The fire of 1984 affected the organ but not irreparably; the damage hastened the time for a major restoration, which was begun in 1991 and finished two years later by Principal Pipe Organs of York, under the direction of their founder, Geoffrey Coffin, who had at one time been assistant organist at the Minster.
Work carried out in the 20th and 21st centuries included full cleaning of the stonework and the reconstruction of the pipe organ by Klais Orgelbau of Bonn.
The Church's primary symbol is an icon of his face in which he smokes a pipe.
 Detailed review of Steinberg's 'Incessant Last Supper' at 3 Pipe Problem
Pipe and Cigar smoke are not inhaled because of its high alkalinity, which are irritating to the trachea and lungs.
British Prime Minister Harold Wilson was well known for smoking a pipe in public as was Winston Churchill for his cigars.
The ceremonial smoking of tobacco, and praying with a sacred pipe, is a prominent part of the religious ceremonies of a number of Native American Nations.
One such device seems to have been a porous clay pipe through which water was allowed to flow until clean.
One exception to this is the scene in which Schouler becomes angry with McTeague and breaks his pipe, which was shot in one long, unbroken take.
 Goofy's Extreme Sports: Skating the Half Pipe with I'll Be Home for Christmas 
Dukakis won in part by promising to be a "reformer" and pledging a "lead pipe guarantee" of no new taxes to balance the state budget.
Course officials tried to stop the runners by waving red flags, but many jockeys continued to race, believing that they were protesters (a group of whom had invaded the course earlier), while Peter Scudamore only stopped because he saw his trainer, Martin Pipe, waving frantically at him.
The film presents the rig crew tripping pipe (an oilfield operations term), changing a bit, and closing valves on the blow out preventers.
Pipe or container internal contours and internal corners down to R .001".
In Carl Barks' story The Day Duckburg Got Dyed (1957), it is revealed that Cornelius Coot at some point in Duckburg's history managed to pipe mountain water into the town.
It featured original color tinting and a musical accompaniment arranged from the original 1924 music cue sheets and performed in 1975 by Gaylord Carter on a Wurlitzer theater pipe organ.
She called the OA's use of headdresses, face paint, eagle feathers, and dancing with a pipe, "downright offensive".
Leaving his hat, spectacles, compass, pipe, and Mackintosh raincoat on the cliffs, he fell 1000 feet (300 m) to his death.
It is used for cable coverings, toys, lids, buckets, containers, and pipe.
The Sleuth is a good-natured gentleman; wearing a deerstalker hat, smoking a pipe and using a magnifying glass, he is an obvious parody of Sherlock Holmes, Mickey basically playing the part of Dr. Watson.
Pipe systems distribute most of the harvested moisture to indoor crops supplying food for the farmers.
If we cannot fill the pipe from a machine, the machine's return is less than its cost, and the min cut algorithm will find it cheaper to cut the project's profit edge instead of the machine's cost edge.
He initially attended Wakefield High School, but was expelled after breaking a water pipe and flooding the school's basement, after which he went to Phillips Academy.
Let us rouse up, then, the resounding lyre and rouse the pipe for the very apex of contests
The Big Pipe project and related work reduces CSO volume on the lower river by about 94 percent.
 Jean-Esprit Isnard (1707-1781), pipe organ builder, lived and died here.
In a pre-recorded video, the prime minister Shinzō Abe became Mario to use a Warp Pipe planted by Doraemon from Shibuya Crossing to Maracanã Stadium.
Mario and Yoshi enter a Warp Pipe with this new weapon, which transports them to Jewelry Land.
As the steam cylinder was refilled with steam, readying it for the next power stroke, water was drawn into the pump cylinder and expelled into a pipe to the surface by the weight of the machinery.
The simple resonant design based on the ratio (8.7:1) of the diameter to the length of the exhaust pipe functioned to perpetuate the combustion cycle, and attained stable resonance frequency at 43 cycles per second.
The superheated exhaust gases exit through an acoustically resonant exhaust pipe.
In 2001, proponents of the development of the oil fields at Prudhoe Bay and Kuparuk, which would be approximately  west of the Refuge, argued that Central Arctic caribou herd, had increased its numbers "in spite of several hundred miles of gravel roads and more than a thousand miles of elevated pipe."
Another form of rotary inlet valve used on two-stroke engines employs two cylindrical members with suitable cutouts arranged to rotate one within the other - the inlet pipe having passage to the crankcase only when the two cutouts coincide.
 Stacked (2005) – as the Nightmare NASA Robot in "Gavin's Pipe Dream" (S04E04)
Several important industries brought prosperity to the area including stoneware potteries, sewer pipe manufacturing, the match industry and, most recently, the tire and rubber industry.
This was followed by a Metal full pipe, a loop with an opening gap in the roof (Built for King of Skate 2002) and a corkscrew.
The inlet and exhaust manifolds were welded together into a single unit, with exhaust pipe and inlet tract abutting each other directly under the carburettor at an enlarged 'heat chamber'.
Steel products manufacturers American Cast Iron Pipe Company (ACIPCO) and McWane are based in the city.
Their residence at the shrine on the Quirinal was located adjoining the chapel: it was ample and commodious, provided with a supply of water by means of a lead pipe.
After leaving hospital on 24 November under orders not to work for three months Morecambe gave up his cigarette habit and started smoking a pipe, as he mentioned that he was trying to do in August 1967.
The trunk lines needed a  bridge, about  above the Waikato, another prestressed concrete box girder bridge over Kirikiriroa Stream at Tauhara Gully and 2 steel pipe bridges over other gullies.
The collection includes scripts, journal articles, lectures, press cuttings, correspondence, photographs and objects such as Priestley's iconic pipe.
Along with pipe organs, carillons are one of the world's heaviest musical instruments.
Self is  tall, collects vintage typewriters and smokes a pipe.
 Pipe Spring National Monument
 Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument
Mutated fish with more than two eyes have been seen in the lake behind the power plant, which has a large pipe pumping nuclear waste into it.
At the entrance of the church a pipe organ by Jacquot Lavergne was installed in the gallery in 1958 with 3 keyboards and pedals and 40 registers.
Material from the bay was extracted by an offshore hydraulic machine, and funneled through a  pipe across Northern Boulevard, before being deposited onto the wetlands.
It has a large pipe organ built in 1895.
He usually appears as an old man on a crutch or with a cane, wearing a broad-brimmed straw hat and smoking a pipe, or drinking sparkling water.
A stainless steel band locks the strut's hole to a steel pipe.
Hammar directed one leg of his interferometer through a heavy metal pipe plugged with lead.
Winchester has more than 20 different "artistic" apples that are made of various materials including wood, rubber pipe, plaster, and paint.
Michael Pipe, Chairman (Democrat)
In pipe flow, the Lambert W function is part of the explicit formulation of the Colebrook equation for finding the Darcy friction factor.
The instrument is most usually (nowadays) tuned in the key of D, a tradition begun by the Taylor brothers, famous pipe makers in Philadelphia in the late 19th century (Canon Goodman played a Taylor set).
These drones are connected to the pipe bag by a "stock".
In addition to the library, Andrew  Carnegie matched local funds to install a pipe organ inwhat is now known as Paulding United Methodist Church.
Inside, , the Sun, brought forth a turquoise pipe from a high shelf on his eastern wall and lit it with the red sun disk.
Once the pipe is lit the stem is pointed above as an offering to God, then down to Mother Earth, and finally in all four of the directions of the wind.
"With this sacred pipe you will walk upon the Earth; for the Earth is your Grandmother and Mother, and she is sacred.
When they all came, Nanapush created a pipe with a sumac branch and a soapstone bowl, and the creator gave him Tobacco to smoke with.
When she visited the Earth, she gave the Lakota people a pipe as a symbol of peace.
In 2006, a large blue pipe sculpture was unveiled outside Eros House, which was another former cinema (The Eros Cinema), and the Lewisham Hippodrome theatre.
St. John's Catholic Church in Leopold has one of the oldest pipe organs west of the Mississippi River.
The figures indicate which intervals the harpsichordist, pipe organist or lute player should play above each bass note.
Commands can be connected using a pipe, which causes the output of one command to be fed into the input of the next.
Attempting to pipe the output of a foreach command into grep simply didn't work.
Other drainages include Fall Creek, flowing west- and southwestward through the southern part of the county; Pipe Creek, which rises in Delaware County and flows southwestward through the county's NW corner; and Lick Creek, which rises in Henry County and flows westward through the county's SW portion.
Important paleontological discoveries, dating from the Pliocene epoch, have been made at the Pipe Creek Sinkhole in Grant County.
Industry in Effingham County includes paper manufacturing—Georgia Pacific (Savannah River Mill), high-precision turbine blade production—Doncasters, aluminum geodesic dome production—Temcor, concrete pipe manufacturing—Hanson, customized business jet interiors—Edward's Interiors, electrical distribution power transformer production—EFACEC PT, among many others.
A pitch pipe is a small device used to provide a pitch reference for musicians.
Inside the pipe, the air flows through a hole in a plate past the selected rectangular metal reed (usually brass).
Less frequently the pipe will be used to play the first sung note of the song, especially where the song begins in unison or with a solo.
Carried in a pocket, a pipe will occasionally pick up small bits of lint which works its way into the narrow space around a reed.
To avoid this eventuality many users will use a small holster to carry the pipe.
Lawrence of Arabia (1962) - Officer with Pipe Gazing at Lawrence (uncredited)
In 1980 during the re-ordering works carried out in the aftermath of the Second Vatican Council, the caen stone side altars, marble altar rails, carved pulpit, original high altar and Telford Pipe Organ were removed.
In August 2000 Adair claimed he had been attacked with a pipe bomb by the IRA.
 Breaking the wind pipe
The church has a large three manual pipe organ by Harrison and Harrison.
He has written of his mother's marijuana use, recalling her "sometime around 1977 or so, sitting in the front seat of her friend Kathy's car, passing a little metal pipe back and forth before we went in to see a movie."
It is constructed of local Jacobsville sandstone, and features beautiful stained glass windows, a custom-built 19’ by 18’ pipe organ, and a beautifully painted interior.
The main theme also consisted of a symphonic march accompanied by a pipe organ to represent the militaristic yet deeply religious nature of the protagonist.
In October 2016, it was announced a disused sewage outlet pipe stretching  from the beach into the sea will form the North Sea's "first snorkel trail".
 Knox-Metropolitan United Church on Victoria Park in downtown Regina: the surviving downtown congregation of the United Church (Metropolitan Methodist and the now demolished or closed Knox, Carmichael and St Andrew's United Churches, previously Presbyterian, were its antecedents or now-defunct daughter congregations) with the largest pipe organ in Regina;
It began in Regina in 1956 as Prairie Pipe Manufacturing Company Ltd and went through an incarnation as IPSCO Steel.
In 2014 Sydney Water began rebuilding a 3.3 kilometre section of wastewater pipe located beside Terrys Creek, and running through bushland between Forrester Park, Eastwood and Browns Waterhole in the Lane Cove National Park, South Turramurra.
 aerophones, such as the pipe organ or oboe, which produce sound by vibrating columns of air.
Details of the organ can be found online at the National Pipe Organ Register.
It was during this trip that he stopped outside Biloxi, Mississippi, and committed suicide by running a garden hose from the exhaust pipe in through the window of his car on March 26, 1969.
These women said, ‘You smoked the peace pipe with us.
See also Mir Mine and Udachnaya pipe, both in the Sakha Republic, Siberia.
Threats include the exotic dutchmans pipe Aristolochia elegans which the female butterfly is attracted to and will lay her eggs on, however the leaves are fatal to the butterfly larvae.
On 13 May 2008, the building of the Faculty of Architecture was destroyed by fire, presumably caused by a short circuit in a coffee machine due to a ruptured water pipe.
Several factories, including a pipe works, stove works, rail car works, and planing mill, were built along the river.
 Deborah E. McDowell, English professor and author of a 1997 memoir of life in Bessemer, Leaving Pipe Shop
Other sources claim the city was named for Felix I. Tarrant, President of National Cast Iron Pipe Company, which built the first major industrial plant in the area in 1912.
Highly appreciated folk instruments are the txistu (a tabor pipe similar to Occitanian galoubet recorder), alboka (a double clarinet played in circular-breathing technique, similar to other Mediterranean instruments like launeddas) and txalaparta (a huge xylophone, similar to the Romanian toacă and played by two performers in a fascinating game-performance).
As in the northern regions of Spain, there is a rich repertoire for tabor pipe music.
A downstream temperature indicator, the sensor for which was located in the tail pipe between the pilot-operated relief valve and the pressurizer relief tank, could have hinted at a stuck valve had operators noticed its higher-than-normal reading.
Although not generally used to supply water to Boston, the reservoir was temporarily brought back online on May 1, 2010, during a failure of a connecting pipe at the end of the MetroWest Water Supply Tunnel.
The same year, he set the one-time world record for highest air achieved on a half pipe, which was 11 feet.
The pipe organ was installed in 1867 by F. Jardine of Manchester.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
A new pipe organ, costing around £850,000, has been commissioned from the Fratelli Ruffatti workshop in Italy.
It is the closest community to Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
A 30” diameter pipe constructed from individual tubes, riveted together to control the flow of water during the hydraulic gold mining process.
These tubes are a replacement for more rigid plastic or aluminum pipe systems that used to be used to irrigate.
This system includes over  of pipe and 52 lift stations to collect municipal and industrial wastewater and convey it to the Boyd Point Treatment Facility (BPTF).
Big Bull Valley Creek runs along McEwen Road into a historic reservoir just above the town, then it runs in an underground pipe culvert beneath the town to the Carquinez Strait.
Therethere are several oilfield-type skill contests includinguded: welding, pipe threading and fitting, rod wrenching, various skill tests with a backhoe, and at least as late as 1965 a regular well-pulling contest with local well-servicing rigs and crews.
The summer of 2007 was the opening concert of the Forbes Pipe Organ, which was built elevated into a side wall of Harmon Hall and required the donation of a further $3 million for purchase and installation.
On March 24, 2011, a drainage pipe burst following heavy rains, sending a surge of water through the historic village area.
pipe the water to the pool in Salida.
 This Bike is a Pipe Bomb, a folk-punk band
Reclaimed water is distributed throughout the city through a dual water pipe system, and used for irrigation.
The high school's marching band is known as the Scottish Highlander Band, and both teen and adult members make up the City of Dunedin Pipe Band.
The band's first top 40 single was an uptempo song titled "Doraville" from the Third Annual Pipe Dream album.
Called the "Blue and Gray Barbecue", hundreds of soldiers and their families visited the sites of the bloody battle from over 25 years before, smoking the pipe of peace, healing the wounds, and helping start the Chickamauga National Park.
Miꞌkmaq and French word for a ceremonial  peace pipe as used by Native Amerindians.
Other pottery operations included William Heath, George Ebey, David Brunk, the Davis brothers, David Culbertson, A. D. Ruckel, the Vermillion brothers, William Teter, and the White Hall Sewer Pipe & Stoneware Company.
In addition to coal, the area around Streator contained rich clay and shale, which gave rise to Streator's brick, tile and pipe industries.
This ended following the detection by EPA inspectors of a secret hazardous waste pipe in September 1996.
These include Dimock, Gould, and Co., Moline Pipe Organ Co., and Moline Furniture Works, to name a few.
Running through the edge of Sweetser is a small body of water, or creek, known as Pipe Creek.
It made tile for draining the lands around Sweetser into Pipe Creek.
Frankton is a town in Pipe Creek and Lafayette townships, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Clay deposits in the town led to the production of clay products including building brick, paving brick, sewer pipe and drain tile.
The Confederates' "cannons" were an assemblage of a stove pipe, a charred log, and wagon wheels.
Kanbayashi Snowboard Park was the site of the half pipe events.
Modern industry includes a plastic pipe moulding factory for Brett Martin plc.
This can be the liquid solution or heatsinks with an additional connected heat pipe usually made of copper for the best thermal transfer.
In 1912, a sewer system and 2,775 feet of pipe were laid.
Taylor also maintains a facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma Other nearby in-county employers include Cessna Aircraft Division of Textron and Spears Manufacturing, a large producer of extruded PVC pipe products.
Water Draws, LLC is a pipe prover calibrating company.
They design pipe provers for accurate flow rate and meter size positive displacement or turbine meters.
Home to the Portland-Montreal Pipe Line, millions of barrels of oil are shipped to South Portland each year, which is a major portion of the inbound tonnage entering the Port of Portland.
Point source pollution is discharged directly from a specific site such as a municipal sewage treatment plant or an industrial outfall pipe.
Other firms produced bicycles, paper products, pipe organs, boilers and radiators, textile machinery, abrasives, wood products, and precision tools.
Some of these industries include the Holbrook factories, which included a bell foundry, organ manufactory, and organ pipe manufactory, Clicquot Club, and Herman Shoe Company; the latter two being the most notable industries in the town's history.
At ten revolutions per minute, this meant over 3,000 gallons of water poured out through a  pipe every minute.
Rail (theater) or batten, a pipe from which lighting, scenery, or curtains are hung
The city was named after the French, colonial-era word often used for a Native American ceremonial pipe.
In 2018, an Oklee man named Eric James Reinbold was arrested after a cache of pipe bombs were found on his property.
In 1871 city co-founder Frank Worden began construction of a long pipe and wooden main system that flowed from the Rattlesnake Creek  north of the city.
The Moller Pipe Organ was installed in 1952 and still played every Sunday.
 Bermico, a type of pipe that were produced by the Brown Company in the 1920s-1970s
Famously, when the Duchess was stepping out of her carriage one day, an Irish dustman exclaimed: "Love and bless you, my lady, let me light my pipe in your eyes!"
The Auditorium's pipe organ is one of the 20 largest in the world.
On September 17, 2016, a suspected pipe bomb was placed in a trashcan and detonated, causing a small explosion, but no injuries or deaths.
In 1875, the wooden bridge was replaced by a steel pipe truss bridge.
A pipe organ received from Andrew Carnegie has been removed, and the stained glass windows, which had been added well after the original construction.
In July 2019, a joint Norwegian-Russian expedition found "clouds" emitted from a ventilation pipe and a nearby grille.
That pipe had been identified as a leak in several Mir missions up to 1998 and 2007.
This festival takes place the first full weekend of June each year and features many Rochester, Monroe County, New York area performers, including The Perinton Concert Band, The Rochester Scottish Pipe Band, and the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra.
Orangeburg pipe was once manufactured here.
Grist mills were located somewhere along Pipe Stave Hollow and Crystal Brook Hollow roads.
As Sag Harbor's population has increased, the village has had to start bringing in fresh water from pipe lines.
Cavendish tobacco, a popular pipe tobacco, is named after Thomas Cavendish.
 Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. (formerly Hancor, Inc.) - Located at 1 William Donnelly Industrial Parkway, Advanced Drainage Systems manufactures corrugated plastic drainage pipe made from high-density polyethylene (HDPE).
On December 11, 2014, Duke Energy, to repair a rusted, leaking pipe, received approval from North Carolina to dump Coal Ash (containing arsenic, lead, thallium and mercury, among other heavy metals) from the Marshall Steam Station into Lake Norman.
Advanced Drainage Systems, the largest polyethylene pipe and fittings manufacturer in the country, operates a  facility in Bessemer City employing 100 people.
Students received music lessons on the pipe organ located in the Disciples of Christ Church located next door to the masonic hall.
Named after former principal, Dame Frances Lannon, the quadrangle consists of the Sutherland Building (1971) and the Pipe Partridge Building (2010).
The Pipe Partridge Building includes the 136-seat Simpkins Lee theatre, a dining hall, seminar rooms and 64 new undergraduate study bedrooms.
In 2013, the installation of a new organ, designed and built by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders, was completed.
Flooding occurred along Pipe Creek, Wegee Creek, and Cumberland Run.
In June 2019 a large amount of sodium permanganate was dumped into a malfunctioned water pipe, turning the water light pink.
Akron replaced Cuyahoga Falls as its county seat a year later and opened a canal connecting to Beaver, Pennsylvania, helping give birth to the stoneware, sewer pipe, fishing tackle, and farming equipment industries.
In addition, the town also had a blacksmith, two cotton gins, and the Texas Pipe Line Company.
Designed by the Boller Bros., and built by George L. Coleman Sr. at a cost of $600,000, the Louis XV interior includes gold leaf trim, silk damask panels, stained glass panels, marble accents, a carved mahogany staircase, Wurlitzer pipe organ, decorative plaster moldings, and bronze railings.
An addition in 1893, by Longfellow, Alden and Harlow (Boston & Pittsburgh, successors to Henry Hobson Richardson), added a swimming pool, indoor basketball court, and 964-seat music hall that included a Votey pipe organ.
The clay seam was about 15 feet in thickness, of exceptional purity, and adapted to the manufacture of pavers, high-grade face brick and sewer pipe.
The area was also home to several other steel mills like Armco, the pipe mill which manufactured oil piping, and A.M. Byers, a major iron and tool fabricator.
 Ernest M. Skinner, pipe organ builder
The Erie Water Works, which was incorporated in 1865 as the Erie Water and Gas Company, includes a reservoir, two water-treatment plants, and an elaborate water works and pipe network that provides water for most of the city and suburbs.
Buckeye Pipe Line, a United States petroleum distributor, is headquartered locally, between Emmaus and Macungie.
A machine shop (which constructed pipe fittings), warehouses, and other industrial structures were built on the west side of Oil Creek.
It had steel and iron pipe mills, brass and silver works, a casket factory, a large milk-pasteurizing plant, and machine shops; all of the aforementioned are presently defunct.
Philip is also home to Scotchman Industries, a manufacturer of metal fabrication machinery (hydraulic ironworkers, circular cold saws, band saws, tube & pipe notchers & measuring systems).
The connection would be via a  pipe between the two towns, paid for by an emergency grant of $377,590 from the USDA.
J.P. Collier set up a printing press and dug a water well, running water pipe for the town's first infrastructure.
Shepstone's legal adviser William Morcom was one of the first British officials to write about Kruger: calling him "gigantically horrible", he recounted a public luncheon at which Kruger dined with a dirty pipe protruding from his pocket and such greasy hair that he spent part of the meal combing it.
The 4,228 acre-feet reservoir is an off-stream site fed by a 24-inch pipe capable of transferring 23 acre-feet of water per day.
 Arizona breccia pipe uranium mineralization
Heritage Day is observed every second Saturday in April, complete with pipe and drums, food, clans, and Native American, Civil War, and pirate re-enactors.
We gave them our hand shake and pronounced benediction of God on them, and Chief Smohalla agreed to accept that as the Pipe of Peace."
Local industry in the past involved the manufacture of fire and paving brick, sewer pipe, glassware, foundry and machine-shop products, and tiling.
The first settlement was near Pipe in 1837.
During the early 1890s, local entrepreneur named James M McElroy hatched a plan to pipe water from the Hygeia Spring, located in the Town of Waukesha, over 100 miles to the Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
McElroy did build his 100-mile pipe to Chicago, but once the water reached the exhibition it was said to be stale and tasteless.
A hot water pipe burst overnight and was flooding the ground floor.
 Pipe (fluid conveyance), a tubular section or hollow cylinder used to convey substances which can flow
 412.13 Free-reed instruments feature a reed which vibrates within a closely fitting slot (there may be an attached pipe, but it should only vibrate in sympathy with the reed, and not have an effect on the pitch – instruments of this class can be distinguished from 422.3 by the lack of finger-holes).
421.13 Vessel flutes (without distinct beak)  The body of the pipe is not tubular but vessel-shaped – Xun.
pipe organ with electrically controlled solenoid air valves);
However, according to Uncommon Carriers  by John McPhee, the maneuver was originally called the Butakov pipe and was used in the Russo-Japanese War as a way of keeping guns at the same distance from an enemy.
From the northern end of the library—in which is housed the largest pipe organ in private ownership in Europe, built by England's great organ builder Henry Willis & Sons—access is obtained to the raised colonnade which leads to the chapel (H).
However, work on royal castles was often documented in Pipe Rolls, which began in 1155.
He then began to play all through the town a silver pipe of the most magnificent sort.
In the show, he played a pipe and was able to lure other people and Digimon to do his bidding, much like mind control.
The release of radioactive dust was caused by a human error during a blockage of pebbles in a pipe.
Unlike the previous games, Duke can only hold two weapons at any one time, in a manner similar to the Halo series, although pipe bombs and laser tripwires are considered inventory items and as such are not limited by this restriction.
Maintenance included the shutdown of the plant's flare tower so that a corroded pipe could be repaired.
 A flare tower, to burn the MIC gas as it escaped, which had had a connecting pipe removed for maintenance, and was improperly sized to neutralise a leak of the size produced by tank E610
They claimed that they were not told to isolate the tank with a pipe slip-blind plate.
It is lit by a senior citizen of the town who is accompanied to the bonfire site (which is by the Corn Exchange in the centre of the town) by the local pipe band and several torchbearers.
Sintered copper may be used as a wicking structure in certain types of heat pipe construction, where the porosity allows a liquid agent to move through the porous material via capillary action.
During the 1970s, he also became interested in the polyphonic pipe music of the Banda-Linda tribe from the Central African Republic, which he heard through the recordings of one of his students.
 An emissions filter fitted to the exhaust pipe which turns out not to let anything through, causing the exhaust to come in the front.
Medford Pipe Bridge, an historic pedestrian bridge in Medford
This was made possible by a rotating pipe mounted on the hose which allowed the jet to reach heights up to .
The bombs employed by the PIRA ranged from simple pipe bombs to sophisticated victim-triggered devices and infrared switches.
He had been a heavy pipe smoker all his life, smoking almost a pound of tobacco a week in later life.
In 1918 he won a scholarship to Fettes College, a boarding school in Edinburgh, where he studied the piano, sang in the choir, and began to learn to play the pipe organ.
Two new family attractions called Pipe Scream and Lake Erie Eagles were added in 2014, along with a pay-per-ride thrill ride named SlingShot.
Earth & Sky, a 1980 Nash album that failed to chart in the Top 100, was envisaged as a Crosby & Nash project (itself spawned by aborted 1978 CSN sessions) until Nash determined that Crosby was not in shape to participate after his colleague stopped a jam because his freebase pipe had fallen off of an amp and broken.
These valve stems then act as a heat pipe.
In 1999 a completely new nave organ by Walkers was constructed with its pipe work located on the south triforium.
When pressure is applied to the toothpaste tube, the main material squeezes down the thin pipe to the nozzle.
Between the guard and the nozzle-end of the tube is a space for the material for one color, which issues out of holes in the pipe.
A tuning fork can be held near the mouth of a long pipe which is dipping into a barrel of water.
The first two IRB 6 robots were sold to Magnusson in Sweden for grinding and polishing pipe bends and were installed in production in January 1974.
Original hand pumpers discharged their water through a small pipe or monitor attached to the top of the pump tub.
TriMet installed pipe barriers at Gateway Transit Center platform crossings to force pedestrians to slow down and face oncoming trains before crossing the tracks and realigned sidewalks and crosswalks at four at-grade crossings in Gresham.
As in the image above, an asterisk or pipe symbol is used to show identity between two columns; other less common symbols include a colon for conservative substitutions and a period for semiconservative substitutions.
Liston has been referenced in many songs by artists such as Curtis Eller, Sun Kil Moon, the Animals, Tom Petty, Mark Knopfler, Phil Ochs, Morrissey, Freddy Blohm, Chuck E. Weiss, This Bike is a Pipe Bomb, the Roots, Wu-Tang Clan, Gone Jackals, Billy Joel, the Mountain Goats, Lil Wayne, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, and the Killers.
A pipe organ has one or more keyboards (called manuals) played by the hands, and a pedal clavier played by the feet; each keyboard controls its own division, or group of stops.
Pepin's son Charlemagne requested a similar organ for his chapel in Aachen in 812, beginning the pipe organ's establishment in Western European church music.
Pipe organs are installed in churches, synagogues, concert halls, schools, other public buildings and in private properties.
A Syrian visitor describes a pipe organ powered by two servants pumping "bellows like a blacksmith's" as being played while guests ate at the emperor's Christmas dinner in Constantinople in 911.
In England, many pipe organs were destroyed or removed from churches during the English Reformation of the 16th century and the Commonwealth period.
They returned to building mechanical key actions, voicing with lower wind pressures and thinner pipe scales, and designing specifications with more mixture stops.
Some pipe organs were replaced by digital organs because of their lower purchase price, smaller physical size, and minimal maintenance requirements.
When a key is depressed, the key action admits wind into a pipe.
Pipe organ wind pressures are on the order of .
A Guide to the Pipe Organ for Composers and Others.
Marx frequently employed props such as a horn cane constructed from a lead pipe, tape, and a bulbhorn.
Venturi meter, a device for measuring the flow rate of fluids in a pipe
The sculpture represents the chief in his role as a leader and peacemaker, wearing the eagle feather bonnet and holding the ceremonial pipe.
The Tulip Time Festival has attracted big-name acts in recent years such as: Christina Aguilera in 2000, O-Town in 2001, The Verve Pipe in 2004, and Jars of Clay in 2006.
Bartlesville is the home of multiple other Goff buildings, a home for the Price Pipe and Supply Family by Frank Lloyd Wright, and numerous homes by the Kansas City architect Edward Buehler Delk, most notably LaQuinta.
Perry, a longtime resident of Kilgore, worked for the Aeolian-Skinner Organ Company, and he oversaw the construction of highly regarded pipe organs at St. Mark's Cathedral (Shreveport, Louisiana) and Washington National Cathedral.
As a result of that growth, an ordinance was passed regulating personal cesspools, including a ban on pipe communications with other homes and businesses unless offensive smells were properly trapped.
On 15 August 1985, a pipe bomb set outside his home in Paterson, New Jersey critically injured Soobzokov.
However if a source of liquid is inside the closed surface, such as a pipe through which liquid is introduced, the additional liquid will exert pressure on the surrounding liquid, causing an outward flow in all directions.
Similarly if there is a sink or drain inside S, such as a pipe which drains the liquid off, the external pressure of the liquid will cause a velocity throughout the liquid directed inward toward the location of the drain.
It was opened in 1939 to meet the demand for gas mask filters made from blue asbestos during the Second World War, and diversified into the production of other asbestos products, including rope, pipe lagging and textile, after the war.
It had a custom lead pipe which was narrower than the usual, and offered a sound which, if not comparable to the Raoux, at least gave a nod in the direction of the lighter French instrument.
In music, the organ is a keyboard instrument of one or more pipe divisions or other means for producing tones, each played with its own keyboard, played either with the hands on a keyboard or with the feet using pedals.
It typically features the Tibia pipe family as its foundation stops and the regular use of a tremulant possessing a depth greater than that on a classical organ.
Smaller, cheaper and more portable than the corresponding pipe instrument, these were widely used in smaller churches and in private homes, but their volume and tonal range was extremely limited.
Conn-Selmer and Rodgers, dominant in the market for larger instruments, also made electronic organs that used separate oscillators for each note rather than frequency dividers, giving them a richer sound, closer to a pipe organ, due to the slight imperfections in tuning.
Electronic and electromechanical organs were originally designed as lower-cost substitutes for pipe organs.
 npor.org.uk – Homepage of the National Pipe Organ Register of the British Institute of Organ Studies, with extensive information on and many audio samples of original instruments
Double pipe heat exchangers are the simplest exchangers used in industries.
The flow may be a current flow or parallel flow in a double pipe heat exchanger.
Common types of heat exchangers used in this application are the double pipe heat exchanger as well as the plate and frame heat exchanger.
Let  and  be the temperatures at x=0 and let  and  be the temperatures at the end of the pipe at x=L.
In 1944, in Guam, Cotton crawled through a minefield to retrieve General MacArthur's corn cob pipe.
 The Verve Pipe – "The Freshmen" (1997)
In winter 2018 and spring 2019, many native and non-native trees and plants were cleared from the park, and the water and pipe system was updated.
Investigator said there could have been more fatalities if the pipe had been fully cleared and/or if the wind had changed directions.
Until 20–30 years ago, galvanized steel pipe was used extensively in the potable water systems for single and multi-family residents as well as commercial and public construction.
The economic impact on homeowners, condo dwellers, and the public infrastructure is estimated at 22 billion dollars as the insurance industry braces for a wave of claims due to pipe failures.
The Chapel Choir sings from the loft at the rear of the chapel, approximately  above the main chapel floor, where the Casavant pipe organ is also located.
Stonehaven's long established pipe band plays at events throughout the year, including the folks festival and fireball ceremony.
His work in radio included playing Dr. Simon Sparrow in BBC Radio 4's adaptions of Richard Gordon's Doctor in the House and Doctor at Large (1968), and a retired thespian in a series of six plays with Stanley Baxter Two Pipe Problems (2008), and later the play Not Talking, commissioned for BBC Radio 3 by Mike Bartlett.
Another stylistic element in many early books (notably The Dutch Shoe Mystery, The French Powder Mystery and Halfway House) is Ellery's method of creating a list of attributes (the murderer is male, the murderer smokes a pipe, etc.).
The pitch of the note can be varied by opening or closing finger holes along the length of the pipe.
The 2004 season also featured the Hall's newly rebuilt pipe organ.
The House of Livia, the wife of Augustus, is conventionally attributed to her based only on the generic name on a clay pipe and circumstantial factors such as proximity to the House of Augustus.
Second prize goes to Seamus McNeill of the College of Piping, Glasgow, with The Bells of Perth, third prize to Pipe Major Angus MacDonald of the First Battalion, Scots Guards, with Macfarlane's Gathering, and fourth prize to John MacFadyen with The Battle of Auldern.
Tunnels constructed by pipe jacking are normally small diameter bores with a maximum size of around .
Jacked boxes can be a much larger span than a pipe jack, with the span of some box jacks in excess of .
The main floor of the building houses the Aula (an approximately 650-seat concert hall), the Atrium (a recital and reception hall), the Nelhybel Collection Research Room, small ensembles areas, a musicians' lounge, practice rooms, offices, music library, and an organ loft and organ chamber, which holds an historic 1910 Austin Opus 301 symphonic pipe organ.
It gave the hexameter line of epic verse a lyrical impulse by the addition of a shorter "pentameter" line, in a series of couplets accompanied by the music of the aulos or pipe.
In the event of a pipe break of a cooling-water channel, the channel can be isolated from the water supply, preventing a general failure.
A similar concern arose during the Chernobyl disaster: after the reactor was destroyed, a liquid corium mass from the melting core began to breach the concrete floor of the reactor vessel, which was situated above the bubbler pool (a large water reservoir for emergency pumps, also designed to safely contain steam pipe ruptures).
The second is that all the clues except the handkerchief and pipe cleaner were planted and that Michel and all the passengers in the coach except Helena stabbed Cassetti, acting as their own jury.
Some of the compositions were accompanied by a pipe organ.
Frederick Converse – The Pipe of Desire
 Interceptor sewer, in urban sewerage systems, a large pipe transporting sewage from local trunk sewers to a sewage treatment plant
First a container was filled with water via a pipe, which extended through the top of the container to nearly the bottom.
Two containers were alternately filled with steam, then sprayed with cold water making the steam within condense; this produced a partial vacuum that would draw water through a pipe up from a well to the container.
The boiler supplied the steam at extremely low pressure and was at first located immediately beneath the power cylinder but could also be placed behind a separating wall with a connecting steam pipe.
Steam was then readmitted to the cylinder, destroying the vacuum and driving the condensate down the sinking or "eduction" pipe.
In the Watt steam engine, condensation took place in an exterior condenser unit, attached to the steam cylinder via a pipe.
Walnut is also used in lutherie and for the body of pipe organs.
The river is used by Bristol Water, who maintain a series of dams and ponds which supply the nearby Cheddar Reservoir, via a  diameter pipe that takes water just upstream of the Rotary Club Sensory Garden, a public park in the gorge opposite Jacob's Ladder.
Original Soundtrack for the Motion Picture Pipe Dreams (1976)
In 1976, Knight made her acting debut as the lead in the film Pipe Dreams for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress.
In a study of the Ecuadorian forest, it was determined that birds perching higher in the trees and birds with larger eyes tend to pipe up first.
The initial scheme covered a  radius around Oxford Circus and the public were advised only to use it in ongoing emergency if "for instance, the man in the flat next to yours is murdering his wife or you have seen a heavily masked cat burglar peering round the stack pipe of the local bank building."
The smoke from the pipe is said to carry the users prayers up to the creator with the rising smoke.
Similar to her two sister ships, the first class amenities included the Grand Staircase, but Britannics amenities were more sumptuous, with worked balustrades, decorative panels and a pipe organ.
(later repurposed for Pipe Dream) on March 24, 1949, and then by "This Nearly Was Mine" on March 29, just over a week before the Broadway opening on April 7.
In Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, North Macedonia, Greece, Turkey and Bulgaria,  (на[р]гиле) or  (на[р]гила) is used to refer to the pipe, while šiša (шиша) refers to شیشه (šiše) meaning glass bottle in Persian.
There is, however, no evidence of the existence of the water pipe until the 1560s.
Evidently the position of water pipe tender (ḡalyāndār) dates from this time.
Some scientists point to the marijuana pipe as an African origin of hookah.
As a result of suction through the hose, a vacuum is created in the headspace of the water bowl sufficient to overcome the small static head of the water above the inlet pipe, causing the smoke to bubble into the bowl.
The church has an historic pipe organ originally built by Gray and Davison in 1852 for Clapham Congregational Church.
Throughout the 1970s, Celtic rock held close to its folk roots, drawing heavily on traditional Celtic fiddle, pipe, and harp tunes, as well as traditional vocal styles, but making use of rock band levels of amplification and percussion.
For receiving fuel, a fixed refuelling probe was fitted onto the aircraft's nose, this was connected to the fuel tanks via a pipe running along the outside of the canopy to avoid penetrating the pressure cabin.
Lead pipe stamps bearing the name of the owner were also used to prevent such water theft.
Time Travel and Papa Joe’s Pipe (1984)
August 1 – Cigarette adverts are banned from UK television, though pipe tobacco and cigar adverts continue until 1992.
Of these composers, Billings is the most well-remembered; he was also influential "as the founder of the American church choir, as the first musician to use a pitch pipe, and as the first to introduce a violoncello into church service".
In this example, hot water at 60 °C enters the top pipe.
A minute but existing heat difference still exists, and a small amount of heat is transferred, so that the water leaving the bottom pipe is at close to 60 °C.
Confiscating their drugs, Alonzo puts it into a pipe and tells Jake to smoke it.
 a |[2] b    # pipe only standard error of a to b — equivalent to '3>&2 2>&1 >&3 | b' in Bourne shell
The city's wastewater plant is at Awatoto, and treated wastewater is discharged into Hawke Bay via a  outfall pipe.
 Laser cut acrylic panels have been used to redirect sunlight into a light pipe or tubular skylight and, from there, to spread it into a room.
Filament winding is well suited to automation, and there are many applications, such as pipe and small pressure vessels that are wound and cured without any human intervention.
In January 2015 The Times of India reported that the project was "still a pipe dream".
Consider diesel fumes belched from an exhaust pipe.
Applications of mineral wool include thermal insulation (as both structural insulation and pipe insulation, though it is not as fire-resistant as high-temperature insulation wool), filtration, soundproofing, and hydroponic growth medium.
Anodes are heavy and will increase water resistance on moving structures or pipe interiors.
From the stern of the Cleetwood, a piece of pipe on the end of a spool of piano wire sounded the depth of the lake at 168 different points.
Since 1983, the town has held the first outdoor Pipe Band competition of the season in Scotland.
By the close of the decade, RCA Records had undergone what Billboard described as a "remarkable turnaround" with the success of artists including Britney Spears, the Dave Matthews Band, Natalie Imbruglia, the Verve Pipe, Robyn, SWV, Christina Aguilera, NSYNC, and Foo Fighters.
Curly Light: A red flashlight, attached with a long red pipe wire around the pole turns on and moves around the screen.
The "Sonora", armed with rudimentary 3-inch pipe bombs, performed the first known air to naval bombing runs in history.
The church's original baroque-era pipe organ, made by renowned German organ builder Gottfried Heinrich Gloger in 1760–65, was fully restored by Jürgen Ahrend in 1999–2000 and reopened to great fanfare in January 2001.
In October 2016, the company prevailed in a trademark infringement case against bongs that look like Frappuccinos, winning over $500,000 after the pipe designer did not show up to court.
A portion of the pipe organ recording is included on Pink Floyd's album The Endless River.
In August 2014 as Bunting drove along Duncairn Gardens, a street separating Tiger's Bay from the republican New Lodge area his car was damaged by a pipe bomb thrown at it.
Meanwhile, Chambers and his family became Quakers, attending Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse near his Maryland farm.
Two members of the Whittaker Chambers family also wrote the Carroll County Times to say thank you but no to the senators intention:    Whittaker Chambers sought a simple life of farming the Pipe Creek Farm.
In the Heinkel system, an "S"-shaped steel pipe took the coolant from each side of the engine to one of two steam separators mounted alongside the engine's reduction gear and immediately behind the propeller spinner.
Newer black boxes typically feature catwalks or tension grids, the latter combining the flexibility of the pipe grid with the accessibility of a catwalk.
She played the role of Jennifer Talbot, Terri Brock's nasty grandmother, on General Hospital for six months (1986–1987), which ended when her character was murdered and stuffed in a drain pipe.
Malden writing in 1911 associates closely the Domesday entry in Latin meaning 'Bishop Osborn of Exeter holds Woking' with this manor which his successors later held, since there is no trace of any land held by the Bishop of Exeter in Woking in pipe rolls, Assize Rolls, feet of fines or the records of Lambeth Palace.
Autograph's bestselling records, however, were the series of pipe organ solos by Jesse Crawford.
Most of the hands are left hands, which suggests that painters held the spraying pipe with their right hand.
In 2000, Sunoco leaked 190,000 gallons of oil into the John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum in Pennsylvania through a cracked pipe.
It carried a  and a  diameter pipe which supplied mains water to South Brisbane.
The concrete balustrades were made by the Hume Pipe Co Ltd, and were centrifugally cast in their factory at West End.
Openings in the cross girders below the roadway, intended for a major water pipe which was not installed, are evident.
In Japan it was released as the first single instead of "Hash Pipe."
 Internal flow when the fluid is accelerated within and propelled back out of a nozzle of tubular or ring-shaped cross-section, the MHD interaction being concentrated within the pipe (similarly to rocket or jet engines).
The U.S. Air Force Pipe Band, which existed as a free-standing unit within the U.S. Air Force Band between 1960 and 1970, wore a tartan created in honor of Billy Mitchell.
The fuselage was divided into a forward, central, and rear section; the forward section contained the nose wheel and radio systems; the centre part, accommodated the cockpit, fuel tanks and the engine; and the rear section which comprised both the tail unit and jet pipe.
This flow of blood through the vessels can be modeled as pipe flow in an engineering system.
Stress-bearing parts of the Brown Bess, such as the barrel, lockwork, and sling-swivels, were customarily made of iron, while other furniture pieces such as the butt plate, trigger guard and ramrod pipe were found in both iron and brass.
Ballard's robotic survey showed that the depth at which Thresher had sunk caused implosion and total destruction; the only recoverable piece was a foot of mangled pipe.
| 09:17 || A second transmission is received, with the partially recognizable phrase "exceeding test depth ... " The (hypothetical) leak from the broken pipe grows with increased pressure.
Commonly known as Mandrax, M-pills, buttons, or smarties, a mixture of crushed mandrax and cannabis is smoked, usually through a smoking pipe made from the neck of a broken bottle.
Tobacco and the devil.--The nose.--The handkerchief.--Rashōmon.--Lice.--The spider's thread.--The wine worm.--The badger.--The ball.--The pipe.--Mōri Sensei.
This velocity depends on geometry and pipe diameter.
According to the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association, "Drum Major’s maces have been in existence since the 17th century".
It is played by both the Spirit of the Scots Marching Band and the university's Pipe Band.
Magnetic fields from strong magnets can create counter-rotating currents in a copper or aluminium pipe.
It also saw the introduction of the twin-cylinder 500 cc Warrior model, which received both a standard and high pipe sporting TT trim.
On 19 August 1880, a passenger train stops inside Blea Moor Tunnel, Yorkshire due to a faulty brake pipe.
This hall is home to a fine pipe organ, built-in 1897 by Henry Willis & Sons for Hove Town Hall and brought to Elstree in 1962.
Frauenkirche organ (article in Pipe Organ Taxonomy project)
The glass bulb or link applies pressure to a pipe cap which acts as a plug which prevents water from flowing until the ambient temperature around the sprinkler reaches the design activation temperature of the individual sprinkler head.
Some property owners and building occupants may view dry pipe sprinklers as advantageous for protection of valuable collections and other water sensitive areas.
Increased complexity: Dry pipe systems require additional control equipment and air pressure supply components which increases system complexity.
This moisture, coupled with the oxygen available in the compressed air in the piping, increases internal pipe corrosion, eventually leading to pin-hole leaks or other piping failures.
Corrosion can be combated by using copper or stainless steel pipe which is less susceptible to corrosion, or by using dry nitrogen gas to pressurize the system, rather than air.
The difference is that a water mist system uses a compressed gas as an atomizing medium, which is pumped through the sprinkler pipe.
 Pipe, C. A Dictionary of Cromer and Overstrand History, 1st ed.
Local groups include the Dunfermline Folk Club, Dunfermline Abbey Choir and Dunfermline district pipe band.
PIPE investments are typically made in the form of a convertible or preferred security that is unregistered for a certain period of time.
This demonstration can be performed using a hairdryer on the lowest setting or a vacuum cleaner if the outlet can be attached to the pipe and aimed upwards at an angle.
He must sign in his own blood the book of Azathoth and take a new secret name.... What kept him from going with her...to the throne of Chaos where the thin flutes pipe mindlessly was the fact that he had seen the name 'Azathoth' in the Necronomicon, and knew it stood for a primal horror too horrible for description."
Modern drainage systems, which collect runoff from impervious surfaces (e.g., roofs and roads), ensure that water is efficiently conveyed to waterways through pipe networks, meaning that even small storm events result in increased waterway flows.
Emergency braking rapidly applies the brakes in the event of a brake pipe failure or an emergency application by the engine operator or passenger emergency alarm/cord/handle.
It takes several seconds for the brake pipe pressure to reduce and consequently takes several seconds for the brakes to apply throughout the train.
The system which controls the brake pipe is called the automatic brake and provides service and emergency braking control for the entire train.
An emergency application also results when the integrity of the brake pipe is lost, as all air will also be immediately vented to atmosphere.
This serves to more rapidly vent the brake pipe and hasten the propagation of the emergency reduction rate along the entire length of the train.
A fully charged brake pipe typically operates at  for freight trains and  for passenger trains.
A sudden pressure reduction caused by a loss of brake pipe integrity (e.g., a blown hose), the train breaking in two and uncoupling air hoses, or the engineer moving the automatic brake valve to the emergency position, will cause an emergency brake application.
The car reservoirs recharge only when the brake pipe pressure is higher than the reservoir pressure.
If the brakes must be applied before recharging has been completed, a larger brake pipe reduction will be required in order to achieve the desired amount of braking effort, as the system is starting out at a lower point of equilibrium (lower overall pressure).
The triple valves detect an emergency reduction based on the rate of brake pipe pressure reduction.
However, if the brake pipe pressure is too low due to an excessive number of brake applications, an emergency application will not produce a large enough volume of air flow to trip the triple valves, leaving the engine driver with no means to stop the train.
Main reservoir pipe pressure can also be used to supply air for auxiliary systems such as pneumatic door operators or air suspension.
When brake pipe continuity exists throughout the train, failure of the brakes to apply or release on one or more cars is an indication that the cars' triple valves are malfunctioning.
However, he is best known today for his numerous large genre scenes based on proverbs in the manner of his contemporary Jan Brueghel the Elder, depicting The King Drinks and As the Old Sing, So Pipe the Young.
The Dutch proverb is Zo de ouden zongen, zo piepen de jongen, referring to the habit of birds to echo the pipe, or peeping chirp of their parents.
He lives in a creepy, ruined mausoleum, and always wears a tall undertaker's stove pipe hat with a black veil hung from its side.
He wears a stove pipe hat and carries an umbrella, which he shakes threateningly at the slightest provocation.
Aquila opened fire at 08:15 at long range, but inflicted no damage before she was immobilised by a hit at 08:32 that detonated inside her central boiler room and severed her main steam pipe.
When all five Marines were on top, a Japanese steel pipe was found by Pfc.
The second flag was attached to the pipe and, as Sgt.
To make sure he had a worthwhile photo to send to the AP, Rosenthal took another black and white photograph showing four of the second flag-raisers steadying the flagstaff and waiting for the bottom of the pipe to be more secured with rocks; and afterwards a rope.
Poles shall be PVC pipe, and bases shall be rubber or plastic.
The building conserves a number of valuable items such as paintings, sculptures and religious vestments and a pipe organ dated 1686.
 Palette valve, the valve under an organ pipe which is connected to the keyboard(s), —as opposed to the stop valve
When the Allied cavalry came within striking distance, 1000 paces from the crest of the ridge, he tossed his pipe in the air: this was the signal to charge.
He sustained an injury when a heavy cap from a steel gas pipe landed on his right foot.
Brendan O'Brien – production, piano, pipe organ, Hammond organ, recording
The calculator was built by germanium transistors and the display was a light pipe which gave an odd format.
This cast iron pipe consisted of  joints.
The drilling tools were now lowered through the pipe and steam was used to drill through the bedrock.
This allowed Drake to drill inside the pipe, without the hole collapsing from the water seepage.
Deformation and Stresses in Pipe Bends; HA Schade, et al.
The steam then either travels directly along and down a steam pipe to the engine unit or may first pass into the wet header of a superheater, the role of the latter being to improve thermal efficiency and eliminate water droplets suspended in the "saturated steam", the state in which it leaves the boiler.
The term for pipe and boiler insulation is "lagging" which derives from the cooper's term for a wooden barrel stave.
A secondary ejector or crosshead vacuum pump is used to maintain the vacuum in the system against the small leaks in the pipe connections between carriages and wagons.
This is a ring placed either around the base of the chimney, or around the blast pipe orifice, containing several small steam nozzles directed up the chimney.
 United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry
Foot and road patrols also take place to check for problems such as leaks or pipe settling or shifting.
A second type of pig travels through the pipe and looks for corrosion.
In 2008, , a ship converted in 1944 into a pipe transport to support Operation Pluto, was transferred to Greece and converted to a floating museum dedicated to the history of the Greek merchant marine; although missing major components were restored this ship is no longer operational.
"mud", is pumped down the inside of the drill pipe and exits at the drill bit.
A conventional triple, for example, would pull pipe out of the hole three joints at a time and stack them in the derrick.
This process is all facilitated by a drilling rig which contains all necessary equipment to circulate the drilling fluid, hoist and turn the pipe, control downhole, remove cuttings from the drilling fluid, and generate on-site power for these operations.
This is the well head for St Mary's Conduit, and the end point of the traditional St Mary Redcliffe Pipe Walk, which is held in October every year.
German Baroque composers wrote for small ensembles including strings, brass, and woodwinds, as well as choirs and for keyboard instruments such as pipe organ, harpsichord, and clavichord.
Insecure tenure of the slum, as well as lack of socially and politically acceptable alternatives to slums, also creates difficulty in citywide infrastructure development such as rapid mass transit, electrical line and sewer pipe layout, highways and roads.
An investigation conducted by the NTSB found that the pipe section which failed had not been shown to have excessive corrosion in a 1995 inspection.
It took David R. Rittenhouse, another hero of early Philadelphia, to improve Franklin's design by adding an L-shaped exhaust pipe that drew air through the furnace and vented its smoke up and along the ceiling, then into an intramural chimney and out of the house.
The British standard BS PD CLC/TR 50404:2003 (formerly BS-5958-Part 2) Code of Practice for Control of Undesirable Static Electricity prescribes pipe flow velocity limits.
a teflon or glass lining of a grounded metal pipe or a reactor) is subjected to a large charge buildup between the opposite surfaces, acting as a large-area capacitor.
In 1126 the whole county of Shropshire was given to her, even though it is not listed in the Pipe Roll.
In 2000, the chapel received a new Baroque-style pipe organ built by Goetze & Gwynn.
A total of 82.9 million links were manufactured from 7 miles of PVC pipe.
In the present day, the RAF Museum at Hendon, London has a CR.42 on static display from this time; this aircraft had reportedly force-landed in Suffolk with a broken oil pipe, with the pilot surviving.
The title was taken from that of chapter seven of Kenneth Grahame's The Wind in the Willows which contains a visionary encounter with the god Pan, who plays his pan pipe at dawn.
The cathedral has a pipe organ by Harrison & Harrison dating from 1962.
 Details of the organ from the National Pipe Organ Register
According to harpsichord maker and scholar Denzil Wraight, such hammers have their origin in "15th-century paper organ pipe technology".
Because it is sharp it may scratch the bowl of a pipe, and so should not be used for scraping.
A pipe nail is a nail-shaped tool with a tamper at one end and a reamer at the other.
The subsequent investigation showed that there was a problem with a JP-5 pipe leading to a fuel station that wasn't adequately inspected after an in-port maintenance availability period.
The  pipe in the uptakes just emptied into the uptakes where 1MMR's 6 forced draft blowers sucked the fuel into the running boilers.
The band toured with Soul Asylum, Gin Blossoms, Spin Doctors, The Verve Pipe, and The Presidents of the United States of America that year.
However, on April 15, 2001, Sorkin was arrested when security guards at Hollywood Burbank Airport found that he was in possession of hallucinogenic mushrooms, marijuana, crack cocaine, and a metal crack pipe.
The 2.0 version of ScummVM was released in December 2017, adding support for several full motion video games and some very obscure titles, such as Full Pipe and Plumbers Don't Wear Ties.
Instruments such as the clarinet which behave as a stopped cylindrical pipe overblow at the twelfth.
Udachnaya Pipe - Siberia, Russia
Chuck Palahniuk's novel Tell-All (2010) was described by Janet Maslin in the New York Times as "a looney pipe dream that savages Lillian Hellman".
Amongst his earlier works were Tinkers, St. Jerome, A Woman Washing Her Feet, An Old Book-stall with a Man Lighting His Pipe from a Flare, and The Head of a Peasant Woman on sand-ground mezzotint.
He was hit in the head with a pipe and stick, knocking him briefly unconscious.
The organ was to be replaced with a new instrument built by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders, but this plan was scrapped in 2009.
The city has both brick and pipe sewers laid in four phases.
Solar thermal power plants use either parabolic troughs or heliostats to direct sunlight onto a pipe containing a heat transfer fluid, such as oil.
The name refers to its design where, instead of a large steel pressure vessel surrounding the entire core, the core is surrounded by a cylindrical annular steel tank inside a concrete vault and each fuel assembly is enclosed in an individual 8 cm (inner) diameter pipe (called a "technological channel").
Nationally, the town ranked with Chester, York and Hull as the four major pipe producers.
Near the end of his life, he recorded the seven sacred rites of the Sioux to ethnologist Joseph Epes Brown which were published in 1947 in the book The Sacred Pipe.
In 1983, to support employment in his constituency, he assisted the management buy-out of a concrete pipe manufacturer in March, Cambridgeshire, led by Tom Moore, and became an investor in the resulting March Concrete Ltd. His departure from Parliament was marked by the award of a knighthood.
One of his experiments was an infrasonic whistle, an oversized organ pipe.
The renal tubule is long pipe like structure containing the tubular fluid filtered through the glomerulus.
The pipe is held in the British Museum's collection.
Simcenter Flomaster is a 1D or system-level CFD solution for analyzing fluid mechanics in complex pipe flow systems (from the acquisition of Flowmaster Ltd in 2012).
A septic tank consists of one or more concrete or plastic tanks of between 4000 and 7500 litres (1,000 and 2,000 gallons); one end is connected to an inlet wastewater pipe and the other to a septic drain field.
Methamphetamine is sometimes used intravenously, placing users and their partners at risk for transmission of HIV and hepatitis C. "Meth" can also be inhaled, most commonly vaporized on aluminum foil or in a glass pipe.
As she entered the room, Sandra was bludgeoned to death with a piece of bandaged lead pipe.
After removing her corpse from the canvas sack and beginning the post mortem examination, pathologist Keith Simpson told Ranson he was certain that Rivett had been killed before her body was placed in the sack, and that in his opinion the lead pipe found at the scene could be the murder weapon.
Hair belonging to Lady Lucan was also found on that pipe, but none belonging to Rivett.
He confirmed that the lead pipe found at the scene was most likely responsible for Rivett's injuries; some, to the left eye and mouth, he thought more likely to have been caused by punches from a clenched fist.
Many common building materials used before 1975 contain asbestos, such as some floor tiles, ceiling tiles, shingles, fireproofing, heating systems, pipe wrap, taping muds, mastics, and other insulation materials.
Brunel and his assistant Daniel Gooch carried out their own experiments on the same locomotive and found that the only problem was that the blast pipe was too small.
Turbine meters are generally available for 4 to 30 cm (–12 in) or higher pipe sizes.
The paddle wheel meter is designed to be inserted into a pipe fitting, either 'in-line' or insertion style.
Small particles which accompany natural and industrial gases pass through two laser beams focused a short distance apart in the flow path in a pipe by illuminating optics.
Techniques appropriate for a fixed cross-section of flow in a pipe are not useful in open channels.
The magnetic flowmeter requires a conducting fluid and a nonconducting pipe liner.
For pipe flows a so-called transit time method is applied where a radiotracer is injected as a pulse into the measured flow.
The volume flow is obtained by multiplying the measured average fluid flow velocity by the inner pipe cross-section.
In fluid dynamics, the Darcy–Weisbach equation is an empirical equation that relates the head loss, or pressure loss, due to friction along a given length of pipe to the average velocity of the fluid flow for an incompressible fluid.
The friction factor  is not a constant: it depends on such things as the characteristics of the pipe (diameter  and roughness height ), the characteristics of the fluid (its kinematic viscosity  [nu]), and the velocity of the fluid flow .
For Reynolds numbers in the range , the flow is unsteady (varies grossly with time) and varies from one section of the pipe to another (is not "fully developed").
In this flow regime, many small vortices are responsible for the transfer of momentum between the bulk of the fluid to the pipe wall.
where the roughness height  is scaled to the pipe diameter .
 When , then  is identically zero: flow is always in the smooth pipe regime.
While the Colebrook–White relation is, in the general case, an iterative method, the Swamee–Jain equation allows  to be found directly for full flow in a circular pipe.
The key quantities are then the pressure drop along the pipe per unit length, , and the volumetric flow rate.
This dimensionless coefficient will be a combination of geometric factors such as , the Reynolds number and (outside the laminar regime) the relative roughness of the pipe (the ratio of the roughness height to the hydraulic diameter).
In a hydraulic engineering application, it is typical for the volumetric flow  within a pipe (that is, its productivity) and the head loss per unit length  (the concomitant power consumption) to be the critical important factors.
Doubling the diameter of a pipe of a given schedule (say, ANSI schedule 40) roughly doubles the amount of material required per unit length and thus its installed cost.
Open source pipe pressure drop calculator.
Lavallée's father Augustin Lavallée, worked as a blacksmith, logger, bandmaster, self-taught luthier and bandleader, and also worked for the pipe organ builder Joseph Casavant.
It is cut with a "core barrel", a hollow pipe tipped with a ring-shaped diamond chip-studded bit that can cut a plug and bring it to the surface.
"Open hole logs" are run before the oil or gas well is lined with pipe or cased.
Vertical ion movement in the mud column occurs much more slowly because the mud is not circulating while the drill pipe is out of the hole.
Lyle argued he was being attacked with a lead pipe and was not the one who pulled the trigger.
The curved walls of bowls allow skaters to ride around and across the bowl in addition to the back and forth skating you might see on a traditional half pipe.
At least 93 people, including eight children, were killed, and 46 were injured when a clandestine gasoline pipe exploded in Tlahuelilpan on January 19, 2019.
Figured bass is closely associated with chord-playing basso continuo accompaniment instruments, which include harpsichord, pipe organ and lute.
Since the color of a pipe does not affect its function, the difference in value is zero.
The only things Stangerson had with him were a novel, a pipe, a telegram saying "J.H.
For this reason, a polypropylene pipe network was installed at a 20 cm depth under the pitch.
Within a few years, dry rot was discovered, especially in the main rooms due to inadequate waterproofing and a broken water pipe.
From the gatzagas of Beskoitz and after passing through a  pipe, water ten times saltier than the sea was used.
Another variant of normal stress is the hoop stress that occurs on the walls of a cylindrical pipe  or vessel filled with pressurized fluid.
After much deliberation, a new pipe organ was purchased from the Austin Organ Company and installed in February of 1973.
As part of this, the Scots Greys received a small pipe band from one of these demobilised units.
A big advantage of the air-to-liquid setup is the lower overall pipe and intercooler length, which offers faster response (lowers turbo lag) , giving peak boost faster than most front-mount intercooler setups.
On "Frozen Warnings", Cale's arrangement harmonically blends with the pipe organ.
 Captain Pipe (Hopocan), (c. 1725–c.
For the women's basketball team's first appearance at the NCAA Tournament in 2006, UCR sent 22 members of the pipe band to play at halftime.
For PVC pipe, see Polyvinyl chloride''.
Within six months of the company's creation, and long before it had laid a single section of water pipe, the company opened a bank, the Bank of the Manhattan Company.
He had developed the two-stroke exhaust pipe, known as expansion chamber.
The ‘aeolian’ stops are among the softest found on pipe organs.
An outlet for water brought to the city from the bore through a tunnel was an elevated pipe in Hyde Park where water carts queued and filled their barrels to sell in the town at 3 pennies per bucket.
The character is frequently portrayed with a pipe in his mouth, is often on the receiving end of a mishap from Inspector Gadget's bumbling nature, and is accompanied by his own theme music during his main scene in the episode.
ABS's light weight and ability to be injection molded and extruded make it useful in manufacturing products such as drain-waste-vent (DWV) pipe systems.
In many countries, the manufacture or possession of a pipe bomb is a serious crime, regardless of its intended use.
Such explosives also do not require the containment of a pipe bomb.
The pipe can rupture in different ways, depending on the rate of pressure rise and the ductility of the casing material.
They can also fail if the pipe is fully sealed and the chemical reaction triggered, but the total pressure buildup from the chemicals is insufficient to exceed the casing strength; such a bomb is a dud, but still potentially dangerous if handled, since an external shock could trigger rupture of the statically pressurized casing.
Pipe bombs are by nature improvised weapons and typically used by those without access to military devices such as grenades.
As well as users such as criminals, paramilitaries, and militias, they also have a long tradition of recreational use for amusement or mischief with no intention to cause injury to anyone, but due to the dangers of premature ignition and of shrapnel, pipe bombs are much more dangerous than alternatives such as dry ice bombs or potato cannons.
On December 16, 1989, Federal Judge Robert Vance was assassinated in his home in Mountain Brook, Alabama when he opened a package that contained a pipe bomb mailed by Walter Leroy Moody in Mountain Brook, Alabama.
During the preparation of the Columbine High School Massacre, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold had experimented with pipe bombs.
On 11 December 2010 a suicide bomber detonated one out of six pipe bombs close to a major shopping district in Stockholm, Sweden, killing himself with no other casualties in what is known as the 2010 Stockholm bombings.
On 6 January 2021, a pipe bomb was found at the headquarters of the Republican National Committee, during the certification of President-elect Joe Biden.
A thick layer of top soil containing 18th and 19th century material including broken bricks, clay pipe stems and 19th century pottery was found."
Exhaust steam was vented via a vertical pipe or chimney straight into the atmosphere, thus avoiding a condenser and any possible infringements of Watt's patent.
In July 1993, after a lifetime of smoking a pipe, heavy drinking and latterly taking recreational barbiturates, Green was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer, and therefore admitted to the Royal Marsden Hospital, Chelsea, London.
In 2003, Frontline and The New York Times joined forces on "A Dangerous Business", an investigation led by reporter Lowell Bergman into the cast iron pipe making industry and worker safety.
Typically, a borehole used as a water well is completed by installing a vertical pipe (casing) and well screen to keep the borehole from caving.
The Holton company manufactured mellophoniums with a trumpet like lead pipe and valve assembly with the rest being comparable to a mellophonium.
With his trademark raincoat, umbrella and pipe, Hulot is among the most memorable comic characters in cinema.
There are two basic designs for most gas cartridge stoves used for camping: the burner assembly is fitted into the top of the gas cartridge, which serves as the stove's base, or the stove is free-standing and the cartridge is separated from the burner and connected by means of a small hose or pipe.
During the whole time in which public money was in his hands, from the day of receipt until the receipt of his final discharge (the quietus of the Pipe Office), he assumed unlimited personal liability for the funds, thus his private estate was liable for the money in his hands.
The boom contains a rigid pipe to transfer fuel.
In 1919, the Woolfs purchased the Round House in Pipe Passage, Lewes.
The Centennial Olympic Park bombing was a domestic terrorist pipe bombing attack on Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta, Georgia, on July 27, 1996, during the Summer Olympics.
Today's central heating systems have made chimney placement less critical, and the use of non-structural gas vent pipe allows a flue gas conduit to be installed around obstructions and through walls.
The jet pipe was torn off and at least one combustion chamber was destroyed.
The dead are remembered by the song (and pipe tune) "Flowers of the Forest":
It is commonly used to move a heavy object such as a pipe or a post a short distance.
A large amount of proper water treatment can lead to the reaction of solids and bacteria within pipe work and boiler housing.
As the water level drops, the floating flush valve descends back to the bottom of the tank and covers the outlet pipe again.
Sewer gas is vented through a separate vent pipe attached to the sewer line.
Stool capacity varies among toilet designs and is based on the size of the drainage pipe, the capacity of the water tank, the velocity of a flush, and the method by which the water attempts to vacate the bowl of its contents.
The current specification of the organ is available on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Due to Poisson's effect, this hoop stress will cause the pipe to increase in diameter and slightly decrease in length.
An opening near the base served to insert a pipe of pen shapable material whose purpose was to direct the air blast to either the furnace or crucible, and which was usually done through the mediation of a tuyère.
When a flammable mixture is present in the engine, it will detonate, sending a shock wave down the tail pipe and creating suction at the intake end of the engine, sucking in more fuel/air, and creates another explosion.
The War Memorial Committee commissioned a War Memorial Pipe Organ to be erected by the Casavant Frères in U of A Convocation Hall in 1925 in memory of 80 University of Alberta comrades who gave up their lives during the Great War.
Esophageal cancer is cancer arising from the esophagus—the food pipe that runs between the throat and the stomach.
Silverstream Road Bridge (Fergusson Drive), a two-lane road bridge, carries a bulk water supply pipe, underslung on the north side, connecting Te Mārua water treatment plant with Porirua and Wellington City.
The player controls a station helper who uses a bucket to catch drops of oil from a leaking pipe and empties the bucket into an oil drum.
Up to recent times and still ttun-ttun and xirula should be highlighted in traditional folk music (especially in the province of Soule) as a tabor and pipe like pair.
After seeing the electric calculators at the first Business Show in Ginza, Tokyo in 1949, Kashio and his younger brothers (Toshio, Kazuo, and Yukio) used their profits from the yubiwa pipe to develop their calculators.
The crypt is square in plan except for a ventilating pipe at the southeast corner.
After moving to Bloomington, Artin quickly acquired a piano, and soon after that a Hammond Organ, a recently invented electronic instrument that simulated the sound of a pipe organ.
They staged a mock trial, kicking the victim to death and dragging him by the neck to the toilet where they hung his lifeless body on a waste pipe.
It has acquired widespread recognition through its usage in the British military and in pipe bands throughout the world.
In ensembles, it is generally played as part of a pipe band.
The band follows the direction of the pipe major; when on parade the band may be led by a drum major, who directs the band with a mace.
The pipe band's origins are in the military, but are obscure as contemporary historical regimental records had no direct interest in piping, giving only hints at details.
Many of the same standard tunes are found in both the military and civilian pipe band repertoires, and many similarities exist in terms of musical style, historical and musical influences, and dress and deportment.
Examples of typical pipe bands forms include marches, slow airs, jigs and reels, and strathspeys.
In conventional pipe band music, each section of instruments has a different role in the music.
Because of the limited range of the chanter, the harmonic possibilities are somewhat limited, but well-written harmony in a pipe band setting can be extremely effective.
In fact, intervals of a second are rarely found in pipe band harmony parts, except in passing.
The drum corps of a pipe band consists of a section of drummers playing highland snare drums and the bass section.
The pipe band drum corps is responsible for both supporting the piping with a solid rhythmic foundation and sense of pulse, often creating an interesting contrapuntal line unto itself.
While pipe bands of the past would often include tenor drummers, they would usually be "swinging tenors", players who would swing their sticks for elaborate visual effect but who would rarely play.
Pipe band uniforms vary from band to band.
Pipe bands often vary the uniform worn, depending on the formality of the occasion.
Competition is a primary focus for many pipe bands throughout the world.
For many, this usually culminates in the World Pipe Band Championships, held on the 2nd weekend of August.
Europe (especially the UK and Ireland), North America, Australia, and New Zealand have active competitive pipe band communities, but there are competing bands from throughout the world.
Many pipe bands perform in parades and other public events as a primary activity.
Several Border pipe tunes, including "The English Black and the Grey", "Bold Wilkinson" and "Galloping over the Cowhill", were copied in the 19th century by John Stokoe from the mid-18th century John Smith MS, from Northumberland, dated 1753.
Another important source is the Vickers fiddle manuscript from Northumberland – many tunes in this have the characteristic nine-note compass of pipe tunes.
Galician pipe bands playing these instruments have become popular in recent years.
In a typical installation, water is fed from a reservoir through a pipe into a turbine.
With all braking control on a conventional train being established at the head-end, it can take several seconds for brake pipe pressure changes initiated by the operator to propagate along the train.
Songs titled “Casey Jones”, usually about the crash or the engineer, have been recorded by Vernon Dalhart (Edison Disc recorded June 16, 1925), This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb, Feverfew (Blueboy (band)), Tom Russell, The New Christy Minstrels, Skillet Lickers, and the Grateful Dead.
The final batter may then go through a static mixer (a pipe with a spiral blade inside) to be deposited in a tube pan, depositor, or hopper.
Combined with a pipe and tabor, it provides a "very effective bass part" that would have produced "rich and full sound, which would have provided excellent music for dancing on board ship".
The label of the discs featured artwork depicting a Native American with a smoking pipe listening to a front-mount disc phonograph of undetermined manufacture; American Record Company advertising commonly marketed them as "Indian Records".
During the Boer War, the press lionised him as "Uncle French" and "the shirt-sleeved general", writing of how he smoked a briar pipe and enjoyed being mistaken for a private soldier.
The mixture from the outlet here finally passes through a 1" pipe which has a 100 × 150 mesh Monel, metal screen held in its cross sections by means of a union, into one of four 75 gallon aluminum kettles.
Liquorice is used as a flavouring agent for tobacco for flavour enhancing and moistening agents in the manufacture of American blend cigarettes, moist snuff, chewing tobacco, and pipe tobacco.
The last gangs are whittled down by pipe bombs, arson, gun fights, and corrupt cops gunning down the survivors.
A familiar landmark in Camberley is the concrete pipe white elephant which is on the A30 approaching The Meadows roundabout.
The original set cost $0.98, and included toy hands, feet, ears, two mouths, two pairs of eyes, four noses, three hats, eyeglasses, a pipe, and eight felt pieces resembling facial hair.
Potato Head surrendered his pipe to become the spokesperson for the American Cancer Society's annual "Great American Smokeout" campaign.
After a variety of projects and after playing with unconventional musicians, such as Friedrich Gulda, Dennerlein started playing the pipe organ in 1994.
When air is admitted to the train pipe, the air at atmospheric pressure acts against pistons in cylinders in each vehicle.
When a locomotive is coupled to the vehicles, the driver moves the brake control to the "release" position and air is exhausted from the train pipe, creating a partial vacuum.
If the driver now moves his control to the "brake" position, air is admitted to the train pipe.
In practice steam locomotives had two ejectors, a small ejector for running purposes (to maintain the partial vacuum at the correct level against inevitable slight air leaks in the train pipe and its connections) and a large ejector to release brake applications.
It was unusual for any form of dedicated control to be provided solely for the steam brake – even when running with no train the driver controlled the engine's steam brakes by adjusting the vacuum brake system using the ejectors on the engine and the "head end" of the train pipe.
Every guard's compartment had a brake valve, and the passenger communication apparatus (usually called "the communication cord" in lay terminology) also admitted air into the train pipe at the end of coaches so equipped.
A rolled newspaper was discovered in the train pipe, effectively isolating the rear part of the train from the driver's control.
The compressor's distinctive shape and the characteristic puffing sound when the brake is released (as the train pipe has to be recharged with air) make steam locomotives fitted with the Westinghouse brake unmistakable.
Later vacuum brake systems as fitted to British Railways diesel and electric locomotives and multiple units in the 1950s used mechanically-driven exhausters or vacuum pumps which included regulator valves allowing the driver to set a desired vacuum in the train pipe which would then be maintained by the system admitted or exhausting air as required.
It is much harder to block the hose pipe compared to air brakes.
The second "high Vacuum " pipe and associated reservoirs and valves were used as a means to increase the speed of the release of the brake.
The application and release valves greatly increase the rate of train pipe vacuum destruction and creation.
 Daniel C. Stillson (1830–1899), inventor of the Stillson pipe wrench
The bag itself is made of a goat skin turned inside out, and most often the rims of the different parts of the instrument - chanter and drone pipe - have a piece of horn on it.
It operates by having the projectile placed inside the pipe and using the force created by forced exhalation ("blow") to pneumatically propel the projectile.
Condensate would only be exposed to tin-lead solder in copper drain pipe, but lead is particularly dangerous.
An early glass pipe entrepreneur, opening his first head shop in 1973, Herer was a pro-cannabis and hemp activist.
The Saab 9-2 (sometimes referred to as Saab 9-1) was a small family car that was proposed in February 2010 to have been added to Saab's production line by 2014, under its then new ownership, Spyker Cars though some commentators considered the project a pipe dream.
Burma, a cynical private detective, is an astute speaker of argot (French slang), an ex-Anarchist, a serial monogamist and an inveterate pipe smoker.
The jacket heads were built into the water heater or return pipe to the radiator as one piece and in the head of the combustion chamber was a 2 3/8-inch threaded plug which when removed gave access to the entire combustion chamber for carbon removal without removing the cylinder castings.
Instead of flowing into the sump, the overflow oil from these bearings was sent out the opposite end of the bearing, where it entered through a short pipe and dropped into little trays integral with the sides of the crankcase base, where it flowed into the oil troughs beneath the connecting rods.
 Pipe dream rumors: reflect public desires and wished-for outcomes (e.g.
With the development of this CP shielding phenomenon, impressed current from the CP system cannot access exposed metal under the exterior coating to protect the pipe surface from the consequences of an aggressive corrosive environment.
Probability of detection (POD) tests are a standard way to evaluate a nondestructive testing technique in a given set of circumstances, for example "What is the POD of lack of fusion flaws in pipe welds using manual ultrasonic testing?"
January 23 – Joseph Casavant, manufacturer of pipe organs (d. 1874)
Mr Hind – Music master, mild of manner (though occasionally acerbic), trailing clouds of smoke from his cherrywood pipe – also teaches art to Form 1.
A variety of companies cropped up in this area including Whitlock Coil Pipe Company in 1891, and later Royal Typewriter, Wiremold, Abbot Ball, Colt's Manufacturing and Uncle Bill's Silver Grippers (producer of tweezers).
Sylvester Harnden's furniture factory, Daniel Pratt's clock factory, and Samuel Pierce's organ pipe factory were major businesses.
 Daniel C. Stillson (1826–1899), inventor of the Stillson pipe wrench
 Luke Helder, University of Wisconsin—Stout student who attempted to create a smiley-face on the US map with pipe bombs
Document: Whole documents flow through the pipe as atomic units.
 1972 Douglas McIlroy of Bell Laboratories adds the pipe operator to the UNIX command shell.
Archaeologists working at a glass factory site in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, excavated a 19th-century breast pipe that matches breast pumping instruments in period advertisements.
The theorbo was used during the Baroque music era (1600–1750) to play basso continuo accompaniment parts (as part of the basso continuo group, which often included harpsichord, pipe organ and bass instruments), and also as a solo instrument.
Acoustic oscillations can be excited by thermal processes, such as the flow of hot air through a pipe or combustion in a chamber.
Another way to reduce the exhaust temperature is to circulate coolant fluids such as fuel inside the exhaust pipe, where the fuel tanks serve as heat sinks cooled by the flow of air along the wings.
He had also talked of experiencing a shipwreck and was smoking a briar pipe which carried the initials "R.C.T."
The 8 foot diameter steel pipe that was used to place the bomb remains at the test site.
A plaque is mounted on the exposed pipe to commemorate the event.
 Siamese connection, a pipe fitting that allows two or more fire hoses to be connected
The sources of the explosions were all found to be IEDs of various types, such as pressure cooker bombs and pipe bombs.
Finally, since the bass voice in The Art of Fugue occasionally rises above the tenor, and the tenor becomes the "real" bass, Leonhardt deduces that the bass part was not meant to be doubled at 16-foot pitch, thus eliminating the pipe organ as the intended instrument, leaving the harpsichord as the most logical choice.
The oldest surviving  Pipe Roll is that of 1130.
This was repeated, measuring times by accurately weighing the amount of water that came out of a thin pipe in a jet from the bottom of a large jug of water.
He adopted the corncob pipe, following MacArthur's example.
On April 20, 2002, McMahon sued his insurance company for more than $20 million, alleging that he was sickened by toxic mold that spread through his Beverly Hills house after contractors failed to properly clean up water damage from a broken pipe.
The Prony equation (named after Gaspard de Prony) is a historically important equation in hydraulics, used to calculate the head loss due to friction within a given run of pipe.
A water pipe bursts and floods the set.
The first known use of a true suction pipe (which sucks fluids into a partial vacuum) in a pump.
His books De Soto, Coronado, Cabrillo: Explorers of the Northern Mystery (1992), The Santa Fe Trail (1995), Pipe Spring and the Arizona Strip (1997), Mother Earth, Father Sky: Pueblo Indians of the American Southwest (1998), and Climax at Buena Vista: The Decisive Battle of the Mexican-American War (2003) all contributed to documenting the history of the region.
However, as the crowd admires Thorndyke's victory, Herbie blows some whipped cream out of his exhaust pipe, covering Thorndyke.
If the device is used for the production of X-rays for inspection or therapy the pipe may be only 0.5 to 1.5 meters long.
Additional magnetic or electrostatic lens elements may be included to ensure that the beam remains in the center of the pipe and its electrodes.
Mail filter programs such as procmail can be made to pipe all incoming mail through Apache SpamAssassin with an adjustment to a user's  file.
He connected a hose to his car's exhaust pipe but the hose melted and the attempt failed.
 A type of pipe fitting called barb, used to connect hosing (the ridges face backward, making insertion easy and removal difficult)
The interior is luxurious and ornate, with subtly convex and concave walls and ceilings, and a dramatic "Mighty Wurlitzer" pipe organ that is played before films and events.
This church houses a pipe organ which is unique in the world.
He called for his pipe, and he called for his bowl,
An enormous pipe organ first plays the V'Ger theme on the Enterprises approach, a literal indication of the machine's power.
 Margaret-Ellen Pipe, developmental psychologist
The torpedo was standardized to consist of a number of externally identical  lengths of threaded pipe, one of which contained the explosive charge.
On the Thursday morning, schools and other organisations parade before the Lanimer Queen in themed dress, accompanied by pipe bands.
Especially interesting should be the set of 26 panels now on the looms, picturing The Story of New York back to the days when Peter Stuyvesant smoked his long-stemmed pipe and cursed in Dutch."
Some digital pianos can emulate other sounds besides the piano, the most common ones being pipe organ, electric piano, Hammond organ, and harpsichord.
Hydrants are also sometimes used as entry or exit points for pipe cleaning pigs.
This end usually has a strainer to prevent debris or wildlife, such as fish, from entering the pipe.
For example, Peter Pettigrew killed twelve Muggle bystanders and tore apart the street (so as to reach the sewer pipe and escape) by means of an immense explosion curse during his altercation with Sirius Black.
The speaker is named after its inventor, Donald Leslie, who began working in the late 1930s to get a speaker for a Hammond organ that better emulated a pipe or theatre organ, and discovered that baffles rotating along the axis of the speaker cone gave the best sound effect.
Some types of NFA firearms can be relatively simple to make, such as making a Short Barreled Rifle (by swapping out the upper receiver for one containing a short barrel) or a Short Barreled Shotgun by using a pipe cutter to shorten the barrel length, while making other NFA firearms, such as suppressors require more technical skill.
When blended with the aforementioned lightweight aggregates, water glass can be used to make hard, high-temperature insulation boards used for refractories, passive fire protection and high temperature insulations, such as moulded pipe insulation applications.
Evidence of this can be seen in the many DIBt approvals for plastic pipe firestop devices using Palusol (a product of BASF), which use waterproofed sodium silicate sheets.
Several hundred people were gathering around an illegal pipe drain in order to get fuel.
He noted the Winchester rifle carried in by Packer belonged to an elderly man in Packer's party and that a pipe he had left behind at the agency belonged to a man named Shannon Bell, who was also a member of his party.
There are no new Versions in pipe with Backports for the 1.4 tree with the near end of QT4 support in most systems.
The three Soviet fronts had altogether 2.5 million men (including 78,556 soldiers of the 1st Polish Army), 6,250 tanks, 7,500 aircraft, 41,600 artillery pieces and mortars, 3,255 truck-mounted Katyusha rocket launchers (nicknamed 'Stalin's Pipe Organs'), and 95,383 motor vehicles, many manufactured in the US.
Star objects on display include Captain Scott's rifle and pipe.
This manufacturing facility at 7th St. W. and Cumberland Street in Cornwall produced "bituminous fibre" pipe, from 1929 to 1976 known variously as; Cornwall "Standard" Fibre Conduit (1929–38), Cornwall Nocrete Conduit (1938–44), and finally No-co-rode Co. Ltd. - Fibre Conduit Division (1944–76).
John Loosemore (1618–1681), born in Barnstaple, was a noted builder of pipe organs, including the one in Exeter Cathedral.
In the following episode, "Over Logging", Garrison can be seen smoking a pipe and parading around in a red smoking jacket, à la Hugh Hefner, and this could indicate an attitude of "straightness".
 Standard dimension ratio in pipe engineering
This effect is useful especially in the lowest ranks of the pipe organ where cost or space could prohibit having a rank of such low pitch.
The balanced end of this balun is at the end where no connection is made to the pipe.
Biggs did much to bring the classical pipe organ back to prominence, and was in the forefront of the mid-20th-century resurgence of interest in the organ music of pre-Romantic composers.
Eventually, Maggie pulls Freddy out of the dream world, and uses a pipe bomb to blow him up.
Giraud loses the wager, but shows better respect for Poirot after he allows him to keep his pipe, on the understanding that "each time you light it, you will think of Hercule Poirot".
Other bands on the label included Heavenly, East River Pipe, The Hit Parade, Even As We Speak, Boyracer, Brighter, Blueboy, Another Sunny Day, Shelley and St. Christopher.
Skilled workers are capable of shaping almost any vessel forms by rotating the pipe, swinging it and controlling the temperature of the piece while they blow.
The bench is a glassblower's workstation, and has a place for the glassblower to sit, a place for the handheld tools, and two rails that the pipe or punty rides on while the blower works with the piece.
These trials were frustrated by pipe breakages in the cooling systems of two of the engines, a problem later solved by replacing the aluminium piping with copper.
The SeaPerch Remotely Operated Underwater Vehicle (ROV) educational program is an educational tool and kit that allows elementary, middle, and high-school students to construct a simple, remotely operated underwater vehicle, from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) pipe and other readily made materials.
After Jack is handcuffed to a pipe in a master-at-arms office to drown, Rose leaves her family to rescue him.
From its flake or pellet form PVC is sold to companies that heat and mold the PVC into end products such as PVC pipe and bottles.
The band for the Presidential Guard Battalion is the only band in the Brazilian Army to include both a pipe band section and a drum corps.
In addition to the bands of the Regular Force and Primary Reserve, the Royal Military College of Canada also maintains a pipe and drum bands.
As a result, a number of military-styled bands in Hong Kong will also make use of pipe bands, a common feature with military bands in the Commonwealth.
The Indian military also has dedicated pipe band bands that serves as independent units and are maintained by all infantry regiments.
Jordanian military band institutions and units include the School of Music of the Jordanian Armed Forces, Prince of Jordan Pipe Band, and the Al Hussein Musical Band.
The RGO sports what is the only camel mounted pipe band known as the Royal Cavalry Mounted Band, whose horses consist a mix of Arabs, Clydesdales and Shires.
All these bands and pipe bands, as well as the mounted bands, follow the British precedent, with ceremonial bugle platoons and fanfare trumpet teams.
The Azad Kashmir Regiment Pipe Band is considered to be the best of Army, having represented PA internationally multiple times.
Within units based in Galicia and Asturias, military pipe bands are in service as well.
organizers Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney were injured when a motion-detecting pipe bomb detonated beneath Bari's driver seat.
One stray bullet pierced the vessel's supply pipe between the boiler and engine, cutting off its power, and the boat drifted downriver, out of gun range, and lodged on the Southern (Western) shore.
Today, Fallkill Falls is fed by a pipe from the city's water system.
McMahon lost when Linda, at ringside threw in a towel on her behalf because Vince did not release a choke he had on her with a lead pipe.
There Cotton and his friend breakfast on ale and a pipe of tobacco to give them the strength to wield their rods.
 The Death in the Drain Pipe (mentioned in Cards on the Table)
His Still Life with Drawing Board (1889) is a self-portrait in still-life form, with Van Gogh depicting many items of his personal life, including his pipe, simple food (onions), an inspirational book, and a letter from his brother, all laid out on his table, without his own image present.
Her other plays include Armagideon, Flying To Glory, Enigma, Wings To Victory, Barbie & Ken, Casualties, Clap Trap, Legacy, Orders, Rosa's Lament, Pierre La, Air Apparent, Fat Cans, Pee Pipe, Officer Drag, Inhumanitarianism, and Wings and a Prayer.
The medal portrays a Virginia colonial, sitting, enjoying a peace pipe with a Native American.
The hot lavender oil vapor condenses on the cold pipe with the cold water and is collected into a holding tank where it is allowed to settle.
They are typically used for well construction activities such as pipe recovery, perforating and plug setting as well as production logging and reservoir production characterization such as production logging, noise logging, pulsed neutron, production fluid sampling and production flow monitoring.
Lubricator is the term used for sections of pressure tested pipe that act to seal in wireline tools during pressurization.
It is likely that he wrote the text, though the tunes are mostly based on German songs; the English translations in the collection are attributed to Christopher Witt, an Englishman who immigrated and joined the mystics, also building them a pipe organ, said to be the first privately owned organ in North America.
In the late '80s through the mid-'90s and 2000s, the Chapel Hill scene reached its peak as bands such as Superchunk, Polvo, Archers of Loaf, Alternative States, Small, Zen Frisbee, Dillon Fence, Sex Police, Pipe, The Veldt, Metal Flake Mother were signed to local and national labels.
A humidor is a humidity-controlled box or room used primarily for storing cigars, cigarettes, cannabis, or pipe tobacco.
The pipe organ was extensively restored in the last decade.
The Greeks believed that he often wandered peacefully through the woods, playing a pipe, but when accidentally awakened from his noontime nap he could give a great shout that would cause flocks to stampede.
), and organ pipe (Stenocereus thurberi) are other taxa of cacti found here.
 Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument: official website
At his home, police found bags filled with homemade explosives including Molotov cocktails and pipe bombs, as well as numerous guns, including a semi-automatic rifle and a cut-down 12-gauge pump-action shotgun.
This is similar to a flexible tube or pipe with fluid in it that is being pinched shut.
Private possession of spike strips was banned in New South Wales, Australia in 2003 after a strip cheaply constructed from a steel pipe studded with nails was used against a police vehicle.
Shore was commissioned by Macy's to write a Fanfare for the Store's 150th anniversary featuring the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Wanamaker Organ, the world's largest playing pipe organ.
Pipe fragments appear to be the platform-base type.
Argentina was a strong demander of pipe organs in the first decades of XXth century, in such degree that the company installed a branch in Buenos Aires city at that time, with two shops: one located in street Estados Unidos number 3199, the other one in street 24 de Noviembre number 884.
A son of Sejong, Sejo who killed his nephew, Danjong also recorded his score in pitch pipe notation.
 Man with a Pipe (Portrait of an American Smoker), 1911–12
One of the primary characters of Flann O'Brien's first novel, At Swim-Two-Birds (1939), is the Pooka MacPhellimey, who can change his appearance by smoking from a magic pipe.
High-temp enamel – May be used for engines, brake calipers, exhaust pipe and BBQs.
It is less difficult to pronounce lines clearly with a curved pipe.
The Polk County Historical Museum there displays Gillete's pipe and slippers from his farewell tour of Sherlock Holmes, as well as china, some letters and other items left behind at the actor's North Carolina home.
The first prototype was constructed using two square wooden boards, an old roller skate chopped in half, and a piece of plumbing pipe to join them together.
Operation Pipe Dreams was run from Pittsburgh.
Chong cooperated with the government and was the first of the Operation Pipe Dreams defendants to plead guilty.
Non-artesian springs may simply flow from a higher elevation through the earth to a lower elevation and exit in the form of a spring, using the ground like a drainage pipe.
A nozzle is a device designed to control the direction or characteristics of a fluid flow (especially to increase velocity) as it exits (or enters) an enclosed chamber or pipe.
Hemispherical cylinder heads have been used since at least 1901; they were used by the Belgian car maker Pipe in 1905 and by the 1907 Fiat 130 HP Grand Prix racer.
While a common sound to sample is a musical instrument being played (e.g., a pianist playing a piano note or an organist playing a pipe organ), a sample could be any sound, including "non-musical" sounds such as a typewriter clacking or a dog barking.
The opening section, "Promenade", features Emerson playing a Harrison & Harrison pipe organ which was installed at the venue in 1928.
"Long run" dryers might have an additional external exhaust fan to boost the exiting moist air through longer sections of vent pipe, as in apartments or dwellings where the vent cannot make a short direct connection from the dryer to the outside.
The hot, humid air from the tumbler is passed through a heat pump where the cold side condenses the water vapor into either a drain pipe or a collection tank and the hot side reheats the air afterward for re-use.
As the dryer duct pipe becomes partially obstructed and filled with lint, drying time increases and causes the dryer to overheat and waste energy.
Montresor lures Fortunato into a private wine-tasting excursion by telling him he has obtained a pipe (about 130 gallons, or 492 litres) of what he believes to be a rare vintage of amontillado.
Electric and electronic pedal keyboards used by pipe organ and Hammond organ players often use reed switches, where the glass enclosure of the contacts protects them from dirt, dust, and other particles.
Two early pipe tunes written for such an instrument are "Lamshaw's Fancy", and "Shields Fair".
Hybrid versions of vaned diffusers include wedge (see Figure 1.3), channel, and pipe diffusers.
In the case where flow passes through a straight pipe to enter a centrifugal compressor, the flow is axial, uniform, and has no vorticity, i.e.
On May 3, 2018, a pipe burst in the Carnival Dream'''s fire suppression system, flooding 50 staterooms.
The church also contains a 3040 pipe Hill Organ.
In most areas, various species of cacti can be seen such as the organ pipe and nopals, as well as the yucca.
Many digital pianos can imitate the sounds of several instruments, including a grand piano, electric piano, pipe organ, Hammond organ and harpsichord.
The large-diameter pipe conveying the low-pressure steam from the high-pressure to the low-pressure cylinders acted also as a receiver, forming a buffer for the gas flow.
In 1883 Reynolds demonstrated the transition to turbulent flow in a classic experiment in which he examined the behaviour of water flow under different flow rates using a small jet of dyed water introduced into the centre of flow in a larger pipe.
On June 22, 1962, using a pipe left near some construction work, Valachi bludgeoned an inmate to death whom he had mistaken for Joseph DiPalermo, a Mafia member whom he believed had been contracted to kill him.
Kingwood Skate Park opened on May 21, 2004, a  City of Houston facility that has skate benches, a kinked round grind rail, skate benches, skate tables, a kicker ramp, a bank to stair with a rail, shade structures that include benches, a drinking fountain, a mini half pipe with a ninety degree hip, and a skateboarder-shaped bike rack.
In 1931, work started on the 1,700 ML Winburndale Dam project to gravity feed water through a wood stave pipe laid to the town.
The culvert then feeds into a siphon over the river in a  iron pipe before entering a tunnel to pass through the hill to the Derwent Reservoir via an open watercourse, entering the reservoir just north of the dam wall.
For example, whistling in theatre, particularly on-stage, is used by flymen (members of a fly crew) to cue the lowering or raising of a batten pipe or flat.
Laidlaw Hall, the principal assembly hall, featuring a full theatre stage and a pipe organ, is attached to the west end of the Upper School and, at the other end, is the Memorial Wing, the school's main infirmary.
The dholki (Hindi/Urdu: pipe or tube) is often a bit narrower in diameter and uses tabla-style syahi masala on its treble skin.
A supply of water may be provided via a bamboo pipe called a kakei.
Crater of Diamonds State Park is situated over an eroded lamproite volcanic pipe.
Brown's and its ice cream factory were reportedly adapted in the 1940s to disguise pumping apparatus for Pipe Line Under the Ocean (PLUTO) intended to deliver oil to the D-Day beaches.
The British infantry uniforms at that date were red jackets, dark blue trousers with red piping on the side, white pith helmets and pipe clayed equipment, a stark contrast to the African landscape.
In addition, it is also home to Orgues Létourneau and Casavant Frères, builders of pipe organs, and Intact Financial, formerly known as ING Canada.
It retained its original pipe organ and drums, and the menagerie of animals included lions, ostriches, pigs, camels, horses, rabbits, giraffes, and tigers.
Rather, they are produced using: a lathe equipped with a balance bar; four heavy  long distinct types of chisels (hook, knife, pipe, and spoon); and a "set of handmade wooden calipers particular to a size of the doll."
It was described as coming down the stove pipe and rolling across the floor following Ma's knitting needles; it did not burn the floor (pages 309–310).
After the war, he claimed to have defeated Germany by smoking his pipe.
The Voigt pipe, a type of loudspeaker 
However, two pipe rolls exist from the years 1158 and 1167 which list Edgar.
When the pipe ends became frayed by this constant process they were all trimmed down, thus raising the overall pitch of the organ.
Highland pipe bands continue to use an even sharper tuning, around A = 470–480 Hz, over a semitone higher than A440.
Pre-Columbian Andean music was played on drums and string instruments, like the European pipe and tabor tradition.
 Socket, an opening in any fitting that matches the outside diameter of a pipe or tube
CLP-5526...Georges Montalba: The Mighty Pipe Organ
 "Angel (What in the World Come Over Us)" by Atlanta Rhythm Section, from the album Third Annual Pipe Dream
A team of local researchers found a clandestine waste pipe and highly elevated levels of aluminum in its proximity.
These include comedian Tommy Cooper, Newport County midfielder David Pipe, Juventus and Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey, as well as Cardiff City F. C. and Wales footballer Robert Earnshaw, whose family relocated to the town from Zambia.
These became known as pipe tomahawks, which consisted of a bowl on the poll and a hollowed out shaft.
They were symbols of the choice Europeans and Native Americans faced whenever they met: one end was the pipe of peace, the other an axe of war.
The smoke from the pipe attracted dark clouds from which rain fell and filled the pond.
William fitz Ranulf is the earliest individual of the Warenne family recorded as the Lord of Whitchurch, Shropshire, first appearing in the Shropshire Pipe Roll of 1176.
On August 14, 1963, during his time at the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary, inmate Burl Estes McDonald attempted to kill Cohen with a lead pipe.
Gyrostabilized gimbals which house multiple sensors are also used for airborne surveillance applications including airborne law enforcement, pipe and power line inspection, mapping, and ISR (intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance).
The tartan was used on RCAF pipe band kilts and on other articles of clothing and regalia.
The car was backed up to the studio and microphones were attached to the exhaust pipe to record the sound.
It was built at an elevation of over 305 m in rugged and almost inaccessible terrain, and involved the construction of some 6 km of concrete aqueduct and nearly 13 km of steel pipe.
The clock's movement activates the bellows to send a puff of air into each pipe alternately when the timekeeper strikes.
 In the oil and chemical process industries, a spade is a round piece of metal with a small tab that is placed in between two pipe flanges to give positive isolation from the centre, usually to prevent cross-contamination between fluids or to allow work on the line.
Morse, and was attempting to devise a way of burying the telegraph lines in the ground in lead pipe.
Then, Gehry came up with the curved wooden pipe concept, "like a logjam kind of thing," says Rosales, "turned sideways."
Pipe manufactures the first automobile with a hemi engine.
All three have large pipe organs and occasionally host concerts.
It could be easily distinguished by the presence of a V-shaped arrester hook that retracted to a high-mounted position above the jet pipe.
Wednesbury Tube (part of Mueller Industries) make copper pipe on the A41 in Bilston at the Key Ind Est near the Loxdale tram stop, and its sister company Primaflow makes brass fittings in Nechells.
He was interested, though, to see Beryl Burton, and his old acquaintance Reg Harris pulling at his pipe in the invited audience.
The pipe organ was added by Norman & Beard in 1914, and in 1922 Oscar Paterson contributed some of the stained glass windows such as 'The Sower'.
The pipe is filled with solid fuel which is ignited to heat the water in the surrounding container.
Clad in their red jackets, blue trousers and pipe clayed trimmings with pointed helmets, it is said that on Saturday nights Earl Shilton resembled a garrison town when everyone wore their uniform.
Metesky's bombs were gunpowder-filled pipe bombs, ranging in size from  long and from  in diameter.
A guard at the RCA Building in Rockefeller Center discovered a piece of pipe about five inches long in a telephone booth.
A warning circular picturing a homemade pipe bomb similar to the bomber's was distributed.
The Pipe Well, a holy well.
In 1914 the Youghal Pipe Band was founded.
Founded at Westerton in 1852 by Major Henderson, the games attract hundreds of athletes, pipe bands and highland dancers.
Interactive musical instruments, such as musical fountains, and the Aquatune hydraulophone, which is an underwater pipe organ in the shape of a giant Lego brick
 Anton Bruckner (1824–1896), composer, organist and teacher of music theory and pipe organ performance
The Oundle International Festival (OIF) is an annual music festival and pipe organ school, founded in 1985, with the training of young organists as its core.
After several attempts by the pair to poison him failed, Mandy stabbed him in the kitchen of number 10 and, with the help of Beth and Sinbad, buried him underneath their patio, where his body remained until January 1995, when neighbour Eddie Banks (Paul Broughton) dug him up whilst investigating a leaking water pipe.
The escaping vapour expanded with explosive force, damaging a total of 53 superconducting magnets and their mountings, and contaminating the vacuum pipe, which also lost vacuum conditions.
fumed white oak with pipe shades gilded in 23 carat gold.
The Irene D. and William R. Miller Chancel Organ in Memory of John Scott, dedicated on October 5 and 7, 2018, is one of North America's most significant new pipe organs.
Besides the pipe band championships there is a funfair and Highland dancing competitions.
With his right hand he drops his tomahawk while simultaneously receiving a pipe of peace with his left from a figure of Minerva, symbolizing the young America.
Every year the Skule Choir, led by Malcolm McGrath, puts on a Christmas concert, usually located in Knox College Chapel with Malcolm McGrath on the main pipe organ and the Skule Brass Quintet.
French pipe organ builders
These are specialized torque wrenches used by plumbers to tighten the clamping bands on hubless soil pipe couplings.
Many religious works of the era made similar use of the pipe organ, often in combination with a harpsichord.
Robert Graves' tale of Mallory's Pipe
An orifice is any opening, mouth, hole or vent, as in a pipe, a plate, or a body
The Pipe Section and the Drum Section perform at mess dinners; parades; sporting events; ceremonies (official or squadron); weddings; funerals; public relations; wing events; Christmas Ball (RMC) & Graduation Balls; private events; and holidays.
In the 1960s, Abbey worked as a seasonal park ranger at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, on the border of Arizona and Mexico.
Churnmilk Peg in West Yorkshire was a female goblin who guarded nut thickets until they could be harvested and would always be seen smoking a pipe.
The signal is generated as an alternating magnetic field, and the transmitter is mounted to, or to part of, the "pig", the cleaning device inserted into the pipe.
With the co-operation of thousands of officials, both Provincial and Federal, and Police Services across Canada, and featuring the Burlington Teen Tour Band and, Police Pipe and Drum band, it was conducted at Hamilton Place and attended by 1,500 people.
A concrete skateboard park plaza featuring a back and forth run with a quarter pipe and flat bank either side of several ledges and rail is located in the town park.
Worshipful Company of Tobacco Pipe Makers and Tobacco Blenders
 K6 pipe, a geological formation in Northern Alberta, Canada
The same month, Softbank's Vision Fund 2 announced investment in the eToro SPAC merger PIPE funding of $650 million.
It does not induce the sounding reed to sound a higher overtone – free reed overtones do not even begin to approximate the harmonic series nor are they particularly musical – nor does it induce a higher vibrational mode in air in a pipe or other resonator – harmonicas generally have no such resonator.
Traditionally the bags are made from goat hides that are removed from the slaughtered animal in one piece, cured, turned inside out, then tied off just in front of the rear legs, one of the front legs serving to house the blow pipe with its simple leather valve (soffietto), and the other tied off.
The instrument contains five holes in each pipe and a bell.
March 9 – Joseph Casavant, manufacturer of pipe organs (b.1807)
It is possible that the name rozhok was used for the instrument later, and that in the earliest written sources it was simply called a pipe.
Glengarriff has an annual music festival, the Jim Dowling Uilleann Pipe & Trad Festival, which takes in June and focuses on uilleann piping.
The river was carried above the platform in a large iron pipe suspended from girders.
Music roll is the generic term for similar rolls used to operate fairground organs (or band organs), calliopes, hand-cranked organs, orchestrions and other types of automatically played pipe organ or mechanical organ.
A one-dimensional model might simulate the effects of water hammer in a pipe.
The company was restored by King Charles II in 1663 but was declared bankrupt in 1868 after its powers of regulation over tobacco pipe makers were abolished and its income from its members had declined significantly.
On August 20, 1995, a pipe bomb exploded outside the home of Shirley Phelps-Roper, the daughter of Fred Phelps.
Colm Ó Snodaigh's novella, Pat the Pipe - Píobaire, describes a busker's adventures in Dublin's streets in the nineties.
In the Doctor Who serial "The Brain of Morbius" (the 5th serial of season 13), the Doctor synthesizes cyanogen using hydrogen cyanide as a starting material and vents it through a pipe to stop Solon from performing surgery on the brain of Morbius's body, however he completes it but shortly after dies of cyanogen poisoning.
An ultrasonic flow meter measures the velocity of a liquid or gas through a pipe using acoustic sensors.
When the pair began experimenting with pipe bombs, they posted results of the explosions on the websites.
Several residents of the area claimed to have heard glass breaking and buzzing sounds from the Harris family's garage, which later was concluded to indicate they were constructing pipe bombs.
Mated queens may briefly pipe after being released in a hive.
In the 19th century, Magnús Stephensen brought pipe organs to Iceland, soon to be followed by harmonium pumped reed-organs.
The bolotnik is dangerous, and he would pose an especially huge threat to those who play shepherd's pipe at night.
They perform morris dances with rattles and sticks, broom, bacca pipe and sword dances.
A large pipe (the "penstock") delivers water from the reservoir to the turbine.
The calumet symbolizes the meeting of spirit and discussion that Ontario's First Peoples believe accompanies the use of the pipe.
The band was established on the 1st June 1920, then being named the Rothbury Kilted Pipe Band.
 Dufftown & District Pipe Band
That winter was so stark that he had to sell some of his useful gardening tools, including his wheelbarrow, a silver chain, his pipe and some silver buttons.
An exhaust pipe burst shortly afterwards, causing a frightening noise which made conversation impossible without the failed intercom.
In solo music for piano and pipe organ, these instruments have an excellent lower register that can be used to play a deep bassline.
Town halls were often equipped with large pipe organs to facilitate public recitals.
The default delimiters are carriage return for the segment separator, vertical bar or pipe (|) for the field separator, caret (^) for the component separator, ampersand (&) for the subcomponent separator, and number sign (#) for the default truncation separator.
Water was carried by a pipe into the palace from a source at a higher elevation.
A black and white striped long stocking with round yellow eyes on what look like black pipe cleaners.
According to Chermayeff, the Chase logo was merely intended to be distinctive and geometric, and was not intended at all to resemble a cross-section of a wooden water pipe.
Therefore, to transport microwaves between the transmitter or receiver and the antenna with low losses, a special type of metal pipe called waveguide must be used.
By then, the massed bands, now with the line cleared, face front, with the Corps of Drums, pipe bands and the senior director of music leading.
He had been in the St Laurence O'Toole Pipe Band and played on the hurling team.
He threatened to excommunicate anyone who "took tobacco in the porchway of or inside a church, whether it be by chewing it, smoking it with a pipe or sniffing it in powdered form through the nose".
It has also claimed responsibility for many pipe bomb attacks, mostly on the homes of Catholics.
26 Jan: The RHD claimed responsibility for an attempted pipe bomb attack on the home of a Catholic family near Carrickfergus.
24 Feb: The RHD claimed responsibility for a pipe bomb attack on a house in Rosapenna Street, Belfast.
31 Mar: The RHD claimed responsibility for an attempted pipe bomb attack on the car of a Catholic civilian in Dungannon.
19 Apr: The RHD claimed responsibility for an attempted pipe bomb attack on the home of a Catholic family on Serpentine Park, Belfast.
7 June: A pipe bomb was found and defused outside St Mary's (Catholic) primary school in Ballymena.
27 Oct: The RHD claimed responsibility for planting a pipe bomb at the home of a republican in west Belfast.
30 Jul: The RHD claimed responsibility for two pipe bombs that exploded outside the Golden Thread theatre at a community centre in north Belfast.
It also claimed responsibility for an attempted pipe bomb attack on a GAA club in Desertmartin.
6 Jan: The RHD claimed responsibility for a pipe bomb attack on the home of a prison officer at Westway Park, Belfast.
19 Dec: The RHD claimed responsibility for throwing a pipe bomb at the home of a Catholic family in north Belfast.
On 21 January 2021, a broken main water pipe serving the Vesturbær neighbourhood of Reykjavík flooded the campus with over 2,000 tonnes of water, causing damage to buildings Háskólatorg and Gimli.
This involves fitting a water-filled box to the exhaust pipe to quench any red-hot carbon particles that may be emitted.
Many diesel engines are common rail, which means all the injectors are supplied from a common high pressure fuel pipe supplied by the fuel pump.
On the deck of the lander, a small thermal Faraday cage enclosure housed the computer, power distribution electronics and batteries, telecommunication electronics, and the capillary pump loop heat pipe (LHP) components, which maintained operable temperature.
Borders traditions like the annual Callant's Festival, and Jedburgh Royal British Legion (Scotland) Pipe Band and Jedforest Instrumental Band add local colour.
Del Rey lagoon’s depth varies over time of day, as The lagoon is partially connected with the Ballona Creek by an underground pipe.
Wastewater discharged from this shorter pipe is close enough to shore to severely impact beach conditions when it is in use.
Every Monday during the summer, the Vale of Atholl Pipe Band, hosts a traditional evening of music, dancing and song, beginning and ending with a short parade along the high street.
The Sultan was particularly enthusiastic about the pipe organ.
At the age of 12, he started playing drums in a pipe band, and became a professional session musician at the age of 17.
The main theme also consisted of a symphonic march accompanied by a pipe organ to represent the protagonist's militaristic and deeply religious nature.
His comedy score to The 'Burbs (1989) made use of pipe organ, recorded dog barking sound effects, and for parodying the trumpet "call to war" triplets on an echoplex from his previous score to Patton (1970).
(Oilfield terminology): A pipe wrench 36 inches long
The function of the HWDP is to provide a flexible transition between the drill collars and the drill pipe.
At each end of the drill pipe tubular, larger-diameter portions called the tool joints are located.
The tool joint connections are threaded which allows for the mating of each drill pipe segment to the next segment.
The disconnect point ("break") is varied each subsequent round trip so that after three trips every connection has been broken apart and later made up again with fresh pipe dope applied.
When jarring without a compounder or accelerator you rely only on pipe stretch to lift the drill collars upwards after the jar releases to create the upwards impact in the jar.
When pipe stretch alone cannot provide enough energy to free a fish, compounders or accelerators are used.
The frequency of rotation, and hence vibration of the pipe string, is tuned to the resonant frequency of the system.
The remaining impedance of the system, known as the resistive load impedance, is what is retaining the stuck pipe.
Similarly, when the length of pipe is compressed, its diameter will expand.
This means that for alternate moments during a vibration cycle the pipe may actually be physically free of its bond.
It includes several photos and a drain pipe, which it describes as the place where three children hid before they were found and killed.
In his younger years, Goodnight smoked some 30 cigars per day but switched to a pipe in his mature years.
According to water experts, pipe leakage is one of the major problems confronting the global water supply today.
A steam pipe from the station's steam generator was attached to the train's steam line from the rear to supply heat until the locomotives were coupled up front to supply steam.
The line "Quero cheirar fumaça de óleo diesel" ("I want to sniff diesel fumes") is a reference to the death of political prisoner Stuart Angel, who reportedly had his mouth glued to a jeep's exhaust pipe during a torture session.
The  Bell Marker consists of a 460 mm diameter cast metal bell set atop a 75 mm diameter Schedule 40 pipe column that is attached to a concrete foundation using anchor rods.
Her keel was laid on 15 March 1946 at Western Pipe and Steel Company shipyards in San Pedro, California, she was launched on 30 April 1946, and commissioned on 28 December 1946 with Commander Gerald L. Ketchum in command.
A steel pipe or "boiler tube" pilot replaced the original wooden type of cowcatcher.
Created as a spoof of the original Masterpiece Theatre host Alistair Cooke, Alistair Cookie is basically Cookie Monster in an English smoking jacket and ascot tie, although Cooke was neither a pipe smoker nor did he wear a smoking jacket on Masterpiece Theatre.
In the late 1980s, the pipe was gone so as not to reinforce smoking as a positive attribute.
The Demoman class is armed with a grenade launcher for indirect fire onto enemy positions, and a Pipe Bomb launcher for booby trapping places as well as being equipped with a demolition pack capable of opening or closing certain routes on some levels.
In spite of his injuries, he sat propped up against a tree, lit his pipe, and directed his men in the battle, rallying them to avoid two panicked retreats.
Once addicted, the women were used to further spread the use of opium among the population by earning one free opium pipe for every six they were selling to their customers.
In part, Hébert's use of Père Duchesne as a revolutionary symbol can be seen by his appearance as a bristly old man who was portrayed as smoking a pipe and wearing a Phrygian cap.
The former based their hit "Belfast Child" around the traditional Irish song "She Moved Through the Fair" and incorporated accordion into their line-up, while the latter's guitar and drum sounds on their early albums were heavily influenced by Scottish pipe bands, particularly on songs such as "In a Big Country" and "Fields of Fire."
A great banquet followed the solemn occasion, with a peace pipe being shared by the chiefs, each of them praising peace in turn.
1997: On 30 June, the day before Hong Kong was handed over from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China, the tune was played by the silver and pipe bands from the Royal Hong Kong Police Force, at the departure of Hong Kong's 28th and last British Governor, Chris Patten, from his official residence, Government House, Hong Kong.
He also constructed end-blown flutes from PVC pipe that are more easily played with limited right-hand dexterity.
The chapel has stained glass windows and a 39-rank, racker-action pipe organ.
Each year the annual Common Riding, takes place on the last Friday of July which features horse riding, sports, dancing and musical processions by the Pipe and Town Bands.
On August 2, 1991, James and his girlfriend Tanya Hijazi were arrested on charges of holding 24-year-old Frances Alley hostage for up to six days, tying her up, forcing her to perform sexual acts, and burning her legs and abdomen with the hot end of a crack cocaine pipe during a week-long cocaine binge.
Packages that contained pipe bombs were sent to two of Waters's offices on October 24, 2018.
The first walk began on February 11, 1978, with a ceremony on Alcatraz Island, where a Sacred Pipe was loaded with tobacco.
The traditional elders led them to the Washington Monument, where the Pipe carried across the country was smoked.
Bărăcilă executed excavations at the fortress, where he managed to reconstruct the layout of the castle and recovered rich archaeological materials (rails, iron, copper, stone cannonballs, pipe of a bronze cannon etc.).
A manhole cover or maintenance hole cover is a removable plate forming the lid over the opening of a manhole, an opening large enough for a person to pass through that is used as an access point for an underground vault or pipe.
Force mains are typically constructed of welded steel or HDPE jointed to resist pressures within the pipe.
These methods may be unsuitable for locations where the full diameter of the original pipe is required to carry expected flows, and may be an unwise investment if greater wastewater flows may be anticipated from population growth, increased water use, or new service connections within the expected service life of the repair.
Regarding the Cathedral's pipe organ:
Physically, this is equivalent to saying that the local volume dilation rate is zero, hence a flow of water through a converging pipe will adjust solely by increasing its velocity as water is largely incompressible.
A plunger is much more effective with water in the pipe, as water does not compress and thus transmits more of the applied force than does air.
Due to the vigorous reaction between the acid and water, such acidic drain openers should be added slowly into the pipe to be cleaned.
Machines using springs can easily negotiate multiple 90-degree bends while maintaining their effectiveness and without damaging the pipe.
High pressure sewer jetters with root-cutting nozzles can clear a hole through the center of a root-infested sewer line and with its rear-facing jet streams cut the roots and clean the pipe walls, flushing the root debris through the sewer line.
Because enzymatic cleaners rely on liquid flowing through the pipe to disperse, they are also generally not intended to open completely clogged drains.
Accompanists often play keyboard instruments (e.g., piano, pipe organ, synthesizer) or, in folk music and traditional styles, a guitar.
Storm drains may be interconnected using slotted pipe, to make a larger dry well system.
He said: "I ran to the panelbeater's and grabbed a pipe.
Reservoir fluid enters from the formation into the bottom of the borehole through perforations that have been made through the casing and cement (the casing is a larger metal pipe that runs the length of the well, which has cement placed between it and the earth; the tubing, pump, and sucker rod are all inside the casing).
Both men then throw Bugs into Lake Michigan in the dark of the night, but Bugs manages to use a pipe as a snorkel and hop out of the lake.
After 8 November 2009, the Rautatientori station, under the Central Railway Station, was closed to the public because a burst water pipe flooded it.
The purpose of vert skating is to ride higher than the coping (which is the metal pipe on top of the ramp) and perform spins or flips.
 Using the branches as a pipe stem (by the Makah people)
When necessary, she can make a smoke curtain with her pipe.
Its left arm held a long Ottoman smoking pipe while at rest, while its right lay on the top of a large cabinet that measured about  long,  wide, and  high.
The Unix pipe was adapted to permit real-time and non-real-time programs to communicate, although other methods such as shared memory were also added.
An entry written in 1163 in a pipe roll records it as Wurmehal, and an entry made in 1229 in an episcopal register records it as Wirmehale.
Michael Ho (1957– ) (Haw) Won Hawaiian Triple Crown, Duke Classic, World Cup and 1982 Pipe Masters
In 2014 the pipe organ was estimated to be worth over five million GBP.
 The number of varieties of ashes from different varieties of pipe, cigar, and cigarette tobacco included in the Sherlock Holmes monograph.
The cop arrests all of them, due to Nate littering, and because the cop founds one of Chrishelle's missing reefer pipe in the back seat.
Abdul smoked a Chinese water pipe out of aluminum and he told of his military's tactics against Tibetan brigands to Clark (Clark-ah).
As well as improving the flush mechanism, Cummings included an S-trap (or bend) to retain water permanently within the waste pipe, thus preventing sewer gases from entering buildings.
In newer designs, cracking takes place using a very active zeolite-based catalyst in a short-contact time vertical or upward-sloped pipe called the "riser".
When a steam locomotive passes over the trough, a water scoop can be lowered, and the speed of forward motion forces water into the scoop, up the scoop pipe and into the tanks or locomotive tender.
The scoop fed into a vertical pipe that discharged into the water tank.
Its name comes from the foot pedal keyboard pedals of a pipe organ, which are used to play 16' and 32' sub-bass notes by pressing the pedals with the player's feet.
Soft gaskets are used in applications such as heat exchangers, compressors, bonnet valve  and pipe flanges.
A two-inch pipe was used to collect this seepage and was laid from the fault line down to the home of the dam keeper, Tony Harnischfeger, which he used for domestic purposes.
Due in part to some erosion taking place, Mulholland ordered an eight-inch (20.3 cm) concrete drain pipe to be installed.
Mulholland, who was supposed to be in charge of the non-existent records, was never a fan of paperwork and claimed that he had memorized all of the necessary information, including the size of every inch of pipe and the age and location of every valve.
Polvo toured North America numerous times, including outings with Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, Pavement, Superchunk, Pipe, Sonic Youth, Unwound, Trumans Water, Sleepyhead, Trans Am, Dungbeetle, and Spatula.
), cylinder or pipe external diameter
This approach requires long trip times, since the entire drill string must be hoisted out of the hole, and each length of pipe must be separately disconnected, and then reconnected when the drill string is reinserted.
He told the Commons that waiting a year would be imprudent, given the worldwide shortage of steel pipe, and unfair to those who owned natural gas wells in western Canada, which were presently capped.
Hydrolastic was developed by suspension engineer Alex Moulton, and used rubber cones as the springing medium (these were first used on the 1959 Mini) with suspension units on each side connected to each other by a fluid-filled pipe.
The Necks performances are always improvised, with the instrumentation of piano, double bass, and drums/percussion (with the occasional exception, e.g., when Chris Abrahams played the Melbourne Town Hall pipe organ instead of piano).
It was subsequently revealed on 21 May 2009 that some of this money was used to repair damage caused by a burst pipe.
When a pipe with water flowing through it is suddenly closed at the outlet (downstream), the mass of water before the closure is still moving, thereby building up pressure and a resulting shock wave.
This condition is usually caused by a poor condensate drainage strategy: having more condensate in the pipe makes the slug easier to form.
Shorter branch pipe lengths.
Arranging the larger piping in loops that supply shorter smaller run-out pipe branches.
When the time it takes a valve to close is long compared to the propagation time for a pressure wave to travel the  length of the pipe, then rigid column theory is appropriate; otherwise considering elasticity may be necessary.
Hence, we can say that the magnitude of the water hammer largely depends upon the time of closure, elastic components of pipe & fluid properties.
 increasing the pipe diameter at constant flow, which reduces the flow velocity and hence the deceleration of the liquid column;
This is most likely to occur at specific locations such as closed ends, high points or knees (changes in pipe slope).
The water to the slide flows through a pipe which doubles as the tower holding the steps to the slide.
However, this too raised issues as the ship did not have enough provisions (a burst pipe in a storeroom had ruined much of the ship's food) to make the short trip comfortable, while the ship's rudimentary bathrooms posed a sanitation issue.
Nests can be found in sheltered areas, such as the eaves of a house, the branches of a tree, on the end of an open pipe, or on an old clothesline.
Founding contemporaneous documents use the spelling Baudac, but it is first recorded as "Baldac" in the Pipe Rolls of Hertfordshire in 1168.
A funnel is a tube or pipe that is wide at the top and narrow at the bottom, used for guiding liquid or powder into a small opening.
It was originally constructed in 1929 to house Longwood's pipe organ and to serve as a venue for concerts, lectures, and dinners, a tradition that continues today.
It is now used in solo performances, along with a bombarde in a duo, and as part of the bagad, a kind of pipe band.
Deputación de Ourense (Royal Pipe Band of the Council of Ourense).
The warm water was filled into the warm bath by a pipe through the wall, marked on the plan.
Stoddard blows out the match for his unlit pipe, and stares downward.
 Diametre Nominal, the European equivalent of Nominal Pipe Size
The cause was traced to an incorrectly manufactured oil feed stub pipe.
The fuel gauge was a plastic pipe running from the top to the bottom of the tank with a graduated glass tube section on the dashboard.
Near at hand is also the pipe line for natural gas from the Kern County fields, and overhead runs the transmission line for the municipal electric system."
On January 23, 2007, KKR announced it would invest $700 million through a PIPE investment in Sun Microsystems.
To ensure his safety, Goldberg had assistance from a piece of metal pipe and his hands were covered in black tape.
There were four windows on the side of the limousine and Goldberg used the pipe on two of them.
In 2003, a seawater pipe burst while Dechaineux was submerged deep, nearly resulting in the loss of the submarine.
Other measures included hollow carpet fibers, magnesium-alloy steering wheel, plastic gas tank and lid, dished out head bolts, gas injected rear spoiler, and a single pipe exhaust.
On 28 October 2006, Berbick was murdered at a church in Norwich, Jamaica, by an assailant wielding a  steel pipe.
The series' incidental music was unusually performed by pipe organ and percussion.
The wood has been used for a variety of purposes by Native Americans, such as by the Navajo to make tubes for bellows, by the Cheyenne to make bowls, and by the native peoples of Montana who use the large trunk burls or knots to make bowls, dishes, drums, and pipe stems.
Slater is also the oldest surfer to perform a ten-point ride in World Surf League competition at the age of 47 at the 2019 Billabong Pipe Masters.
Roughly midway along the ridge of the Hog’s Back between Farnham and Guildford (OS grid reference SU911483), the human remains of at least six skeletons were discovered in 1935 when ground was being dug for a new water pipe.
The storm drain, combined sewer, pipe of the lower course can still be seen running above the platform of Sloane Square tube station.
Pressure from Markey prompted BP to provide a live underwater video feed showing oil leaking out of a pipe in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010.
Shorter pipe runs also reduce heat loss.
Pipe segments of this system are displayed at the Evangelismos and Syntagma Metro stations.
While still in school, Meyner had been employed as an apprentice coremaker by the Warren Foundry and Pipe Corporation and Ingersoll Rand.
Religious Contemporary Catholic liturgical music instrument such as Tubular bells, Pipe organ, and Glass harmonica are also present.
Tummery and Coa pipe bands were there to entertain the 10,000 crowd.
Also by 1964, he began work on wall-mounted sculptures, and first developed the curved progression format of these works in 1964 as a development from his work on an untitled floor piece that set a hollow pipe into a solid wooden block.
Dulzaina, a Navarre-based pipe belonging to the shawm family.
Tabor pipe (in León) and dulzaina (shawm) enjoy rich repertoires.
Most photographers still regarded the whole idea of color photography as a pipe dream, something only madmen and swindlers would claim to have accomplished.
Scott joined the associated Fremantle Scots Pipe Band, learning the drums.
In Armenia, the wood of the apricot tree is used for making wood carvings such as the duduk, which is a popular wind instrument in Armenia and is also called the apricot pipe.
A pipe extended from the bowl's bottom and then upwards into a chimney.
The petrochemical and steel industries, pipe making, the power stations that feed the national electricity grid, the chemical plants, and the large refineries are some of Iran's major industrial facilities.
Earlier repairs to the waste disposal system had not been completed, which meant that a vital ventilation pipe which ran through the watertight aft bulkhead and the non-return valves were not replaced.
Irvin was arrested on an outstanding warrant on an unpaid speeding ticket in Irving, Texas, but was also cited for misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia after police searched his car and found a pipe, and plastic bags with marijuana residue.
Ice eventually builds up around the coils, until it reaches a thickness of about three inches surrounding each pipe, and the cooling system shuts off.
The three photographers reached the summit as the Marines were attaching the flag to an old Japanese water pipe.
"Rows of small houses, which may have cost for their construction eighty pounds a piece, are built designedly and systematically with their backs to the marsh ditches; ...to or three yards of clay pipe "drain" each house into the open cess pool under its back windows, when it does not happen that the house is built as to overhang it...
Due to surface difficulties and the speed at which the storm developed, the crew of Ocean Ranger were forced to shear the drill pipe after hanging-off, after which they disconnected the riser in the early evening.
Barranquilla contains important ecosystems such as the Magdalena River, Mallorquín Swamp and the Eastern pipe system.
 April 21, 1996: Modern English, Lush, Poe, The Verve Pipe, and The Refreshments.
Bergman has received honors for both print and broadcasting, including the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, awarded to The New York Times in 2004 for "A Dangerous Business" which detailed a record of worker safety violations coupled with the systematic violation of environmental laws in the cast-iron sewer and water pipe industry.
Wigand's disagreements with Sandefur reached a breaking point over a flavor enhancer called coumarin, which he believed to be a lung-specific carcinogen that the company continued to use in pipe tobacco.
Before the FEB entered combat, the expression "a cobra vai fumar" ("the snake will smoke") was often used in Brazil in a context similar to "when pigs fly"; soldiers in the division subsequently called themselves Cobras Fumantes (literally, Smoking Snakes) and wore a shoulder patch depicting a green snake smoking a pipe.
The oil would then spill on to the often-overheated central exhaust pipe collector.
A diversion pipe was also installed in the engine nacelle, which could shut down the hot air flow to the ducts and divert the air out through bottom end of the nacelle if de-icing was not required.
Rodgers and Hammerstein, despite extraordinary early successes, such as Oklahoma!, Carousel and South Pacific, had suffered back-to-back Broadway flops in the mid-1950s with Me and Juliet and Pipe Dream.
The song "The Other Generation" was deleted; "My Best Love", which had been cut in tryouts in 1958, was restored in its place, and "The Next Time It Happens" was imported from Pipe Dream.
Rick Wakeman, keyboardist for the progressive-rock band Yes, recorded the final organ portion of the song "Awaken", and the organ part in the song "Parallels", (both on the Yes album Going for the One), on the pipe organ in St. Martin's Church in Vevey.
More recently, the range of supported manufacturing applications has been greatly expanded to include sheet metal manufacturing, injection molding, welding, pipe routing, etc.
The city unsuccessfully attempted to fix the Flushing tunnel's sewage pipe in 1998.
According to The Globe, Pomeroy lost an eye after attempting to destroy the side of his cell by redirecting a gas pipe.
A third problem is where the lower end of the liquid seal is simply a U-trap bend in an outflow pipe.
Another benefit is the elimination of pipe pitch or gradient required for conventional roof drainage piping.
In an inverted siphon the liquid completely fills the pipe and flows under pressure, as opposed to the open-channel gravity flow that occurs in most sanitary or storm sewers.
One example refers to any acts or omissions, whether willful or negligent, that are "causing or permitting water to leak, discharge, flow or run to waste into any gutter, sanitary sewer, watercourse or public or private storm drain, or to any adjacent property, from any tap, hose, faucet, pipe, sprinkler, pond, pool, waterway, fountain or nozzle."
They were built between 1941 and 1942, by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation, Ingalls Shipbuilding, and Western Pipe & Steel shipyards in the United States.
The merchantman Steel Artisan was laid down on 17 April 1941, under a Maritime Commission contract, MC hull 171, by Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco.
It took 40 minutes from firing a line across to the destroyer to start pumping oil, while it took another two hours to pump 98 tons of oil and a further 35 minutes to disconnect the hose pipe and secure the equipment.
 1955: water pipe sealed Kunu, India
The Western Pipe & Steel shipyards built three other ships in the class.
The ship was launched by Western Pipe and Steel Company, San Francisco, California, on 5 March 1942, as AVG-15, aircraft escort vessel.
It came about when Youlgreave Friendly Society for Women helped to set up a fund to pipe water from Mawstone springs into the village, terminating at the Grade II listed "Conduit Head" of 1829, in Fountain Square.
They were built between 1941 and 1942 by the Ingalls Shipbuilding and Western Pipe & Steel shipyards in the United States, both building four ships each.
They were built between 1941 and 1942 by Ingalls Shipbuilding and Western Pipe & Steel shipyards in the United States, both building four ships each.
Henderson also wrote the lyrics to "The 51st (Highland) Division's Farewell to Sicily", set to a pipe tune called "Farewell to the Creeks".
Pipe rolls and other ancient records of the Treasury and Exchequer (which had been moved to Somerset House from the Palace of Westminster in 1793) remained stored in the basements until the establishment of the Public Record Office in 1838.
Also, the oldest known fiddles still in existence can be heard accompanied by the oldest playable church pipe organ in Norway (originally built for an 18th-century church) on the album "Rosa i Botnen" by Knut Hamre and Benedicte Maurseth.
While careful design can minimize the risk, aquaponics systems can have multiple 'single points of failure' where problems such as an electrical failure or a pipe blockage can lead to a complete loss of fish stock.
Italian pipe organ builders
Porcupine Bear, chief of the Dog Soldiers, took up the war pipe of the Cheyenne.
A winged star-shaped cap is mounted in a vertical section of the underwater pipe to allow water to be taken in from all directions.
A unique, spiral groove along the outside of the inner pipe increases the surface area and therefore the efficiency of the heat transfer between the outer and inner tubes.
The pipe was then removed, and the openings covered up, to prevent drastic changes in pressure at either end of the tube.
Ghost Dog shooting Sonny Valerio up the drain pipe is taken from Branded to Kill.
In 2003, The U.S. Department of Justice indicted fifty-five people on charges of selling drug paraphernalia in Idaho, Texas, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Florida and Ohio as part of Operation Headhunter and Operation Pipe Dreams, including comedian Tommy Chong.
”MM2C Oberhofer dove into the flooding compartment to the offending pipe and managed to close it off and get the compartment pumped out before the compressor motors were damaged.
The afterburning process injects additional fuel into a combustor in the jet pipe behind (i.e., "after") the turbine, "reheating" the exhaust gas.
Another invention of his included the hydraulis, a water organ that is considered the precursor of the modern pipe organ, of which he and his wife Thais were highly reputed players.
Inhaling the soothing contents of a pipe, Alice falls asleep in Dr. Yang's rooms.
The term monkey wrench is also sometimes used loosely, usually by non-tradespeople, to refer to the pipe wrench (owing to their broadly similar shapes).
Monkey wrenches are still manufactured and are used for some heavy tasks, but they have otherwise been mostly replaced by the shifting adjustable wrench/spanner, which is much lighter and has a smaller head, allowing it to fit more easily into tight spaces, and the tooth-jawed, torque-gripping pipe wrench.
She embarked about 1000 troops before leaving the harbour at about 15:50 hr, when she was attacked by dive bombers and near missed by four bombs, which severed a steam pipe, which disabled her engines and knocking out her steering.
Hanada snipes the first from behind a billboard's animatronic cigarette lighter, shoots the second from a basement up through a pipe drain when the latter leans over the sink and, ordered to finish quickly, blasts his way into the third's office and escapes on an advertising balloon.
 Desert pupfish to Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Arizona 
An 1884 painting displayed in the regimental museum of the pipe band of 1st Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders shows the unit in service dress, crossing the veldt in Zululand, wearing khaki slouch hats.
The largest companies in the region include Volzhsky Pipe Plant, Volgogradenergosbyt (a local electric power distribution company), OJSC Kaustik (caustic soda manufacturer), Volzhsky Orgsintez (a chemical plant).
His great-grandmother was from Scotland and played pipe records all the time, and accordingly he wished to learn how to play it.
Parley's, Emigration, and Red Butte Creeks converge from the east through an underground pipe,  from the mouth.
They are observed from the West Wing by Forte, a pipe organ who was formerly the Prince's court composer and does not want the spell to break (meaning he never wanted to be human again) as he is of more use in his enchanted form.
The head of the spur line to the Hejaz railway was the oil terminal for the Mosul/Haifa pipe line, which the Iraqi Government had closed in April, and was home to the Consolidated Refineries oil refinery.
If the pressure at one end of a pipe is increased this produces a stress on the fluid tending to make it move (called the shear stress) and the volumetric flow rate increases proportionally.
It is proportional to flow rate, but does not depend on pipe size.)
 Joseph Casavant, manufacturer of pipe organs (d.1874)
In construction areas loaders are also used to transport building materials such as bricks, pipe, metal bars, and digging tools over short distances.
Stalin finally sucked his pipe and said, "enough".
The first was a compound configuration in which two high-pressure cylinders were on the rear engine unit and a pipe led to two larger, low-pressure cylinders on the front engine unit.
The continuo forces include two harpsichords (duoi gravicembani), a double harp (arpa doppia), two or three chitarroni, two pipe organs (organi di legno), three bass viola da gamba, and a regal or small reed organ.
Dry Borders-Sonoran Desert Biosphere Reserve Network is a transboundary conservation complex composed of Mexico's El Picante y Gran Desierto de Altar Biosphere Reserve and the United States' Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
Borelli designed diving equipment that consisted of a metal helmet, a pipe to "regenerate" air, a leather suit, and a means of controlling the diver's buoyancy.
A short pipe allowed breathed air to escape.
A lifelong pipe smoker, Peter Tinniswood died of throat cancer at the age of 66.
Because zebra mussels damage water intakes and other infrastructure, methods such as adding oxidants, flocculants, heat, dewatering, mechanical removal, and pipe coatings are becoming increasingly common.
Marcel Auda, R. Peilho, P. Raude, L. Schneider) of the Comex S.A. industrial deep-sea diving company performing pipe line connection exercises at a depth of 534 meters of sea water (msw) (1752 fsw) in the Mediterranean Sea during a record scientific dive.
The chapel also features a large organ built by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders.
Steam enters the end of the dryer head (cylinder cap) through a steam joint and condensate exits through a siphon that goes from the internal shell to a centre pipe.
There are also competitions for the following ensembles: duet, trio, céilí band, instrumental group (), accordion band, pipe band, and miscellaneous ensemble.
Two compressed steel pipe lines at the dam are  in diameter and  in length each.
At bank after bank, the Mid West Bank Bandits became synonymous for leaving their signature decoy grenades and pipe bombs as calling cards, a strategy implemented to help the gang escape and delay the FBI's pursuit.
He also embraced political causes and in 1992 he participated in the important anti-Nazi campaign, Arsch huh, Zäng ussenander (Kölsch, meaning: Move your butts and pipe up!
In crafting such items, craftsmen were required to blow continuously to the flame through a pipe with a needle-like hole to make the hard metal melt or soften.
The pipe organ, built by Wilhelm Sauer, was fully restored during reconstruction.
The coil was a metal pipe, allowing coolant to be circulated through it.
After high school, Kornheiser went to Harpur College (now Binghamton University), where he majored in English literature and began his journalism career at the Colonial News (now called Pipe Dream).
Luke Helder, Midwest pipe bomber
The Osage shield is covered by two symbols of peace: the Plains-style ceremonial pipe representing Native Americans, and the olive branch representing European Americans.
Harrison & Harrison pipe organ 1885.
His life ended prematurely, when a leaking gas pipe caused him to asphyxiate during his sleep.
The Space Station Heat Pipe Advanced Radiator Element (SHARE-II) experiment tested a natural cooling process for transferring thermal energy that could serve as a cooling system for Space Station Freedom.
Obtaining access to the entrance requires going through a sewer pipe only accessible after defeating a big, opera-singing chunk of poo, named the "Great Mighty Poo".
 The Allendale Nativity - connoisseurship and controversy Detailed account of Berenson's involvement in the Allendale Nativity attribution, posted at 3 Pipe Problem.
12 November 1877: The first commercial telephone company enters telephone business in Friedrichsberg close to Berlin using the Siemens pipe as ringer and telephone devices build by Siemens.
It flows north from the Roxhill Park neighborhood for several miles along the valley of the Delridge neighborhoods of West Seattle, turning east to reach the Duwamish Waterway via a 3,300 ft (1006 m) pipe beneath the Nucor plant (formerly Bethlehem Steel).
For example, a closed bulb connected to an organ pipe will have air moving into it and pressure, but they are out of phase so no net energy is transmitted into it.
Primitive Baptists commonly practice pitching by ear rather than with a pitch pipe.
Chief Arvol Looking Horse is the current keeper of the Sacred White Buffalo Calf Pipe.
In Estonia, the 50 krooni note shows the Eye as part of a depiction of the pipe organ of the Käina church.
For added support, four  poles are spaced evenly around the stack and then bolted to the  center pole, each with a steel pipe.
D'Accone suggested that Beethoven borrowed the programmatic ideas (a shepherd's pipe, birds singing, streams flowing, and a thunderstorm) for his five-movement narrative layout from Le Portrait musical de la Nature ou Grande Symphonie, which was composed by Justin Heinrich Knecht (1752–1817) in 1784.
It is a hydraulic-action pipe organ which anyone walking into the space can play .
Opening of Teluscape, 2006 Sept. 20th, including audiovisual recording of the water pipe organ
Taps are normally connected to the water supply by means of a "swivel tap connector", which is attached to the end of the water pipe using a soldered or compression fitting, and has a large nut to screw onto the threaded "tail" of the tap, which hangs down underneath the bath, basin or sink.
Gate valves use a metal wedge with a circular face, usually the same diameter as the pipe, which is screwed into place perpendicularly to the flow, cutting it off.
The church features a large pipe organ  to accompany the singing of High Mass on Sunday mornings.
 Spigot, the male end of a pipe designed to be connected with a spigot and socket joint
Performances take place in the Knight Fine Arts Center (KFAC) or in the chapel, which facilitates the use of a Holtkamp pipe organ.
"Sebastian" once carried a corn-cob pipe in its beak.
The Inner Detector begins a few centimetres from the proton beam axis, extends to a radius of 1.2 metres, and is 6.2  metres in length along the beam pipe.
The patches were modeled after a small tin heart pressed into the centre of Macdonald tobacco plugs, along with the slogan “The Heart of the Tobacco.” The same heart appeared on tins of Macdonald pipe tobacco.
Traditional Tjanting consists of copper wax-container with small pipe spout and bamboo handle.
Once unscrewed, oil would leak from the valvetrain into the prechamber, causing a sudden loss of power and large amounts of smoke to flow from the exhaust pipe.
During a search of the car, police found a vial allegedly containing .06 grams of cocaine and a water pipe.
A heat pipe is a heat-transfer device that employs phase transition to transfer heat between two solid interfaces.
The vapor then travels along the heat pipe to the cold interface and condenses back into a liquid, releasing the latent heat.
The heat pipe is partially filled with a working fluid and then sealed.
The stated/recommended operating temperature of a given heat pipe system is critically important.
In addition, for a given heat input, it is necessary that a minimum temperature of the working fluid be attained ; while at the other end, any additional increase (deviation) in the heat transfer coefficient from the initial design will tend to inhibit the heat pipe action.
For the heat pipe to transfer heat, it must contain saturated liquid and its vapor (gas phase).
In this case, the heat pipe is a thermosiphon.
For example, water in an aluminium envelope will develop large amounts of non-condensable gas over a few hours or days, preventing normal operation of the heat pipe.
Most of the non-condensable gas is located in the reservoir, while the remainder blocks a portion of the heat pipe condenser.
When the power or heat sink temperature is increased, the heat pipe vapor temperature and pressure increase.
A vapor trap diode is fabricated in a similar fashion to a variable conductance heat pipe, with a gas reservoir at the end of the condenser.
During normal operation, the flow of the working fluid vapor from the evaporator to the condenser sweeps the non-condensable gas into the reservoir, where it doesn't interfere with the normal heat pipe operation.
Heat is then conducted through the heat pipe walls to the evaporator.
However the maximum adverse elevation (evaporator over condenser) is relatively small, on the order of 25 cm long for a typical water heat pipe.
In a thermosyphon, liquid working fluid is vaporized by a heat supplied to the evaporator at the bottom of the heat pipe.
The liquid then drains back to the bottom of the heat pipe by gravity, and the cycle repeats.
As discussed below, the thermosyphons used to cool the Alaska pipe line were roughly 11 to 12 m long.
This allows the wick in a loop heat pipe to be required only in the evaporator and compensation chamber.
Oscillation takes place in the working fluid; the pipe remains motionless.
Non-condensing gases (caused by contamination for instance) in the vapor impede the gas flow and reduce the effectiveness of the heat pipe, particularly at low temperatures, where vapor pressures are low.
In practice, the speed of the vapor through the heat pipe is limited by the rate of condensation at the cold end and far lower than the molecular speed.
Initially, it might be suspected that a water-charged heat pipe only works when the hot end reaches the boiling point (100 °C, 212 °F, at  normal atmospheric pressure) and steam is transferred to the cold end.
Thus a heat pipe can operate at hot-end temperatures as low as just slightly warmer than the melting point of the working fluid, although the maximum rate of heat transfer is low at temperatures below 25 °C (77 °F).
Grover's suggestion was taken up by NASA, which played a large role in heat pipe development in the 1960s, particularly regarding applications and reliability in space flight.
During the late 1990s increasingly high heat flux microcomputer CPUs spurred a threefold increase in the number of U.S. heat pipe patent applications.
The second figure shows a typical grooved aluminium/ammonia variable conductance heat pipe (VCHP) for spacecraft thermal control.
The non-condensable gas (NCG) reservoir is located above the main heat pipe.
To prevent this, each vertical support member has been mounted with four vertical heat pipe thermosyphons.
The first commercial heat pipe product was the "Thermal Magic Cooking Pin" developed by Energy Conversion Systems, Inc. and first sold in 1966.
The high effective conductivity of the heat pipe reduces the cooking time for large pieces of meat by one-half.
The device consists of a battery of multi-row finned heat pipe tubes located within both the supply and exhaust air streams.
Heat pipe heat exchangers 
This is because below the intended temperature range the working fluid will not undergo phase change, while above it, all of the working fluid in the heat pipe vaporizes and the condensation process ceases.
Other implements could include a mole drainer, used to create an underground drainage channel or pipe, or a dredger bucket for dredging rivers or moats.
A £10,000,000 renovation to rebuild and improve Newbiggin's rapidly eroding beach involved importing 500,000 tonnes of sand from Skegness, delivered by the trailing suction hopper dredger (TSHD) Oranje and deposited on the beach through a pipe approximately  in diameter.
He met Nelson at Woodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) a classmate of his, after the latter set off a pipe bomb outside their school and MacKaye went to investigate.
A pipe bomb explodes in Uncle Charlie's, a Greenwich Village gay bar, injuring three.
Seurat also painted a man with a pipe, a woman under a parasol in a boat filled with rowers, and a couple admiring their infant child.
A pumping station sent 330 gallons per minute from the borehole, through six miles of eight-inch pipe, south-west to a reservoir at Hucknall which held 400,000 gallons.
The Scotch Pipe Band style has a rudimental roll up to 25 strokes.
 Mile 89.5 – Pipe Creek Rapid (3), where the River Trail ends and continues towards the South Rim as the Bright Angel Trail
Other improvements to water heaters include check valve devices at their inlet and outlet, cycle timers, electronic ignition in the case of fuel-using models, sealed air intake systems in the case of fuel-using models, and pipe insulation.
Modern wetbacks may run the pipe in a more sophisticated design to assist heat-exchange.
Some building codes allow the discharge pipe to terminate in the garage.
 Physical Layer Pipe (PLPs), specified in the DVB-T2 and ATSC 3.0 broadcasting standards
The actual sound of the pipe is dependent upon the voicer, with an open "O" or a long "E" sound probably being the most common result.
Over the course of the history of the pipe organ, there have been several different designs by which stops are actuated.
Borrowing between manuals occurs in English organs from about 1700, but extension of pipe ranks for the purpose of borrowing at different pitches is a relatively recent development.
The octave sounded by a given pipe is inversely proportional to its length ("half the length = double the pitch"), meaning that a 4′ stop speaks exactly one octave higher than an 8′ stop.
The Principal sound is the most characteristic sound of the pipe organ; it is the sound which comes to mind in the context of traditional church music (such as hymns).
She instinctively put out her hand and took it, so there she was sitting with this filthy pipe cleaner in her hand and all the other people on the bus began to get indignant.
The band came back with a new album, The Verve Pipe, in 1999.
The Verve Pipe (July 1999) No.
It is possible to pipe fortune into the cowsay command, to add more humor to the dialog.
In the event of an oil well becoming disconnected from its oil rig, a dead man's switch may trigger activation of a blowout preventer blind shear ram, which cuts the drill pipe and permanently seals the well to prevent an oil leak.
Payloads located in the middeck include the Physiological & Anatomical Rodent Experiment (PARE/NIR-R), Protein Crystal Growth-Thermal Enclosure (PCG-TES), Protein Crystal Growth- Single Locker (PCG-STES), Space Tissue Loss/National Institute of Health (STL/NIH-C), Space Acceleration Measurement System (SAMS) and the Heat Pipe Performance-2 Experiment (HPP-2).
The height of this pipe is the same as the line carved into the interior of the cup.
However, when the amount of fluid exceeds this fill line, fluid will overflow into the pipe in the center of the cup.
 History of pipe organs at St. Mary's Church from past till present (in English, Polish and German)
The pipe organ in St. Aidan's Church dates from 1901.
There is a pipe running between Wongthaggi and Cardina Reservoir to make this possible.
The Kincardine Scottish Pipe Band Parades happens every Saturday night during the summer months ending Labour Day weekend.
During the recovery, the aircraft caught fire on Hermes flight deck, owing to a fractured reaction pipe.
He holds a copy of the syllabary in his left hand and is smoking a long-stemmed pipe.
Serpentine flat plate collectors differ slightly from this "harp" design, and instead use a single pipe that travels up and down the collector.
Little Mo drops a bag of flour out, Colonel Blink looks through a telescope with a seagull on the end, Ginger blows bubbles out of a pipe.
The Systems ends to carry water further to palaces and public fountains through pipe line.
The whole high pressure part of the system is manufactured from steel tubing of small diameter, connected to valve control units by Lockheed type pipe unions with special seals made from Desmopan, a type of polyurethane thermoplastic compatible with the LHM fluid.
A single pipe without a reed was called the monaulos (μόναυλος, from μόνος "single").
Oettinger Davidoff AG manufactures a broad portfolio of cigars, cigarillos, pipe tobaccos and smoker's accessories under the brands Davidoff, Camacho and Zino Platinum.
The SE model can be identified by a single exhaust pipe and different rear bumper cover.
The pipe line will be crossing Fier and a Pumping Station will be built in Fier.
Personally owned instruments recorded included the cittern, virginals, soprano clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, fife, flute, viol and violin and fiddle and the Mrs. Healy pipe.
 "Veneer", a song by The Verve Pipe from Villains
MIDC has provided all the basic infrastructure such as roads, street lights, water supply pipe lines in this area.
Morris, who had been criticized over Lucky Luke's cigarette for a long time, answered his critics: "the cigarette is part of the character's profile, just like the pipe of Popeye or Maigret".
The M Ward ranges from Thane Creek in the East to Tansa Pipe Line No.
PIPE itself stands for "Public Internet Peering Exchange".
In April 2008, PIPE Networks entered into a joint venture with New Zealand-based Kordia to build an undersea fibre optic cable between New Zealand and Australia.
An example of this is Pipe, a sulfotransferase involved in the dorsal-ventral patterning of Drosophila.
Further research has shown that Pipe targets the ovarian structures for sulfation.
Indeed, Hopkins found no pipe in the cabin.
Additionally, a ventilator that should cool a pipe stopped.
The tower is unique in that no mechanical fasteners such as rivets are used in the structure: every joint, pipe and fixture is attached by welding.
Each cell has four connector bolts to each electrode and an agitator pipe which bubbles air through the cell to ensure the electrolyte remains mixed and uniform.
Since then, the pipe band has taken part in regimental events such as military parades and provincial state funerals in Edmonton.
The English term Devil's Peak is a 19th-century translation from the Dutch Duivels Kop, and supposedly comes from the folk-tale about a Dutch man called Jan van Hunks, a prodigious pipe smoker who lived at the foot of the mountain circa 1700.
An aqua privy is essentially a small septic tank located directly below a dry toilet squatting pan or bowl which has a drop pipe extending below the liquid level in the tank to form a simple water seal to minimise odors.
Some versions of the ACOG have an additional daytime reticle illumination via a passive external fiber optic light pipe.
's Crime As Forgiven By, other releases include albums by This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb, Defiance, Ohio, Ghost Mice, Japanther, The Bananas, Operation: Cliff Clavin, and Antsy Pants and Fifteen.
Plan-It-X South is a part of the main Plan-It-X label, but is run by Teddy Helmick of This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb.
After this proceeding I put the above mixture into a slip pan for evaporation, either by heat of the sun or by submitting it to the action of fire or steam conveyed in flues or pipe under or near the pan till the water is entirely evaporated.
Members of the pipe band also served as stretcher bearers during the war.
Two days later, another 15-year-old Palestinian teen carrying two pipe bombs, was caught at the same checkpoint.
Floor-mounted water closets seal to the toilet flange of the drain pipe by means of a wax ring.
Soon the blast pipe was adjusted, and the C38 class became noted for the clean "bark" of its exhaust.
A specific instance of this type of allegation is that Jelisić beat an elderly Muslim man to death with a metal pipe, a shovel, and a wooden stick.
Law of Blasius for friction coefficient in turbulent pipe flow:
Some of these, particularly Victorian mains that predated London's underground railways, were not constructed to carry currents and had no adequate electrical bonding between pipe segments.
The village had a National Hunt racecourse until 1963, served by Pipe Gate railway station in the south of the parish, which was closed under the Beeching "Axe".
The station closed in 1957 along with the section to Market Drayton but the line from Silverdale to Pipe Gate remained open to serve both a creamery and as a loop back to the mainline at Madeley Chord until 1998 when the entire line closed after closure of Silverdale Colliery.
In normal operation the cylinders of the hydraulic rams were connected by a  diameter pipe that allowed water to pass between them, thus lowering the heavier caisson and raising the lighter one.
On 2 October 1979, the Argyle pipe was discovered.
The volcanic pipe is a diatreme, composed of olivine lamproite, present as tuff and lava.
Diamonds are found within the intact core of the volcanic pipe, as well as within some of the marginal breccia facies and maar facies.
The diatreme pipe formed by explosive eruption of the lamproite magma through a zone of weakness in the continental crust.
"Argyle Diamond Pipe, Western Australia".
In the main chapel there is a beautiful pipe organ built by the Karl Schuke company of Germany.
 National Pipe Organ Registry
The Thracians also celebrated New Year's Eve on the first of March, a month named after the god Marsyas Silen, the inventor of the pipe (fluier, traditional musical instrument), whose cult was related to the land and vegetation.
The "receiver" or "reservoir" was about  long by  in diameter and connected to the "generator" by a  diameter pipe.
By the time a broken fuel pipe forces them to land at RAF Shaibah near Basra, Iraq, 26 hours 30 minutes later, they will have set a new world aviation nonstop distance record of 4,313 km (2,680 mi).
Where engine outlet earlier had been, there was now a square pipe, which lead the air down to the ground.
On the December 22 episode of SmackDown!, he disguised himself as Santa Claus and attacked World Heavyweight Champion Batista with a steel pipe.
A former clay pipe factory on Springfield Road has been closed and replaced by housing.
The ramp features a vertical half pipe that is suitable for advanced skaters and is built to international standards.
However, once the problem with these engines was found and fixed after several extensive trials took place, that problem was the diameter of the blast pipe was too large for the engines to make proper steam, the Jubilees went from being a theoretical success to an actual success thanks to some modifications.
Selection of water injection engine ratings (Lift Wet/Short Lift Wet) results in an increase in the engine speed and jet pipe temperature limits beyond the respective dry (non-injected) ratings (Lift Dry/Short Lift Dry).
He had figured as one of the interlocutors, Roget, in his friend William Browne's Shepherds Pipe, with which were bound up eclogues by other poets, among them one by Wither.
On 30 November, JAXA announced that control and communication with Hayabusa had been restored, but a problem remained with the craft's reaction control system, perhaps involving a frozen pipe.
October 2018: A package containing a pipe bomb addressed to wife Hillary Clinton and sent to their home in Chappaqua, New York was intercepted by the Secret Service.
The fact that "Gwyn" is a name of Welsh origin might support Hereford, as its county is on the border with Wales; The Dictionary of National Biography notes a traditional belief that she was born there in Pipe Well Lane, renamed to Gwynne Street in the 19th century.
In contrast to a pedestal or a sitting toilet, the opening of the drain pipe is located at the ground level.
Other indoor interests that served as a background to his major pursuit were classical music, with a strong penchant towards the Vienna school, smoking a pipe or a cigar and enjoying a glass of good wine or Scotch whisky.
 Baroque Bernardine Order Monastery and Church Complex, with the famous pipe organs by Stanisław Studziński and Jan Głowiński, accomplished in 1693, and the Museum of the Franciscan Friars Province
Following this initiative, the ethnologist Joseph E. Brown collected from Black Elk the description of the seven Sioux rites which would form the content of The Sacred Pipe.
An early design improvement, incorporated in the PT6A-20, was the pipe diffuser patented by Vrana, another of the original PT6 team.
At the same time, it began sending superheated air and gases into an open pipe chase very near the source of the fire.
As the fire consumed the northeast stairway, a pipe chase running from the basement to the cockloft above the second floor false ceiling had been feeding superheated gases for some minutes on a direct route to the attic.
Biron was manager of his family’s sewer pipe factory in Sainte-Croix, Quebec.
Cattran discovered some scraps of flesh and four bones in a pipe leading from the drain which linked to the top flat of the house.
A Northumberland pipe roll mentions an "Edgar Adeling" in 1158, and 1167, by which time Edgar would have been over 100 years old.
The gallery of the main hall contains Nottinghamshire's oldest pipe organ, thought to date from the end of the 17th century, possibly by the builder Gerard Smith.
For a fully filled duct or pipe whose cross-section is a regular polygon, the hydraulic diameter is equivalent to the diameter  of a circle inscribed within the wetted perimeter.
Halberstadt is the site of the first documented large, permanent pipe organ installation in 1361.
Sir Richard Wallace would have invited his male guests to the Smoking Room after dinner, to discuss affairs of the day over an enjoyable pipe or cigar.
To this end, a line is printed in the margin, and the length of the pipe is given as being 16 times the length of that line.
A typical khobyrakh is a 70 cm-wide, smooth, hollow pipe made of an umbel (hollow stem of a big, parasol-like umbellifer) or wood, with 3 or sometimes 6 finger-holes.
Derived from caño, "a pipe, tube, gorge, tube;" ultimately from Latin canna meaning "reed."
An additional pipe may also be installed to convey the sound from the cavity in the suikinkutsu to another location, e.g.
Development project of Ankleshwar Airport & City Bus are in pipe line in last stage.
Danko sat on a smoking pipe configured to look like the Witch's broomstick.
brake, park, pipe, pump, etc.
The Venturi effect is the reduction in fluid pressure that results when a fluid flows through a constricted section (or choke) of a pipe.
The Pipe Band was instituted in 1924 and became one of the most popular features of the unit.
To take advantage of the water obstacle, the Israelis installed an underwater pipe system to pump flammable crude oil into the Suez Canal, thereby creating a sheet of flame.
By October 1952, the basic outline of the aircraft had been finalised, replacing the combined flap and ailerons of earlier proposed with slotted flaps, the Viper engine was relocated upwards and was to be fitted with a straight jet pipe rather than a bifurcated one, the tailplane was also moved to a higher position at the top of the fin.
The pipe that produces the melody has seven holes and a range of one octave.
Inside the hall is a Walker pipe organ, used for school concerts, professional recordings and other festivities.
In September 1968, 323 miles southeast of Charleston, South Carolina, while en route for a return visit to Vietnam, a pinhole ruptured in the HPS (High Pressure Steam) pipe in the aft fireroom, killing nine seamen and injuring thirty five.
Later that night, Cena brought a steel lead pipe to the ring with him and ordered JBL to come out to the ring and fight him, only to have the SmackDown!
Acting on behalf of the town's Bicentennial Committee, Royal Australian Air Force officers Andrew Cairns and Jock MacGowan constructed the release cage from PVC pipe, purchased and numbered the ducks, printed tickets, and even arranged a helicopter flypast.
He designed the 1964 Reuter Pipe Organ at Bucknell University and was awarded a Doctorate Degree.
The events held here include concerts by Clan Macleay Pipe Band, picnics, and rose plantings by the Junior Rose Festival Court.
Miners would later say that the clubs were lengths of gas pipe.
The first Highland Games was held in 1960 as a result of a collaboration between Lesmahagow Juniors Football Club and the now defunct Vale of Nethan Pipe Band.
Porsche installed a reworked exhaust pipe and air intake.
 a gradual evolution of pottery vessels and smoking pipe forms and decorations
The inruns of the hills will be through a mountain inside a pipe tunnel.
These courses differed from the ones in the late 20s and early 30s; they were no longer just rolls, banks, and curves, with an occasional pipe thrown in.
Immediately after the Pipe Creek attack, settlers killed relatives of the Mingo leader Logan.
The history of the pipe style is traced to the late eighteenth or early nineteenth century.
This long stem pipe type has its origins in the Ottoman Empire, geographically and historically.
For a period in the late 18th century, Joseph Haydn and Thomas Arne wrote concertos that could be played interchangeably on harpsichord, fortepiano, and (in some cases) pipe organ.
This is a collection of pipe organ pieces (most written for manuals only or have optional pedal) in two parts:
A French drain or weeping tile (also  trench drain, filter drain, blind drain, rubble drain, rock drain, drain tile, perimeter drain, land drain, French ditch, sub-surface drain, sub-soil drain, or agricultural drain) is a trench filled with gravel or rock, or both, containing a perforated pipe that redirects surface water and groundwater away from an area.
Modern French drain systems are made of perforated pipe, i. e., weeping tile surrounded by sand or gravel, and geotextile or landscaping textile.
The direction of percolation depends on the relative conditions within and without the pipe.
Envelopes – Gravel, stone, rock, or surrounding pipe.
The old church was doubled in its size and a pipe organ built by George Fincham & Sons was installed in 1927.
In 1783, at the age of 9, he was given the sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe for life.
Pipe Band Competitions, Military Tattoo, Highland Dancers.
Normally held in conjunction with the opening and closing ceremonies of the games, as many as 20 or more pipe bands will march and play together.
He started the Florida Pipe and Supply Company to trade in building materials.
Then they cut to a show where a leak from a pipe above the stage causes a grounds crew to come out and lay a tarp on the set.
One of the flying panels ruptured a small condensate pipe, creating another fire.
The Walker pipe organ is the only one of its type in the southern hemisphere.
Calumet, a French, colonial-era term for a certain type of Native American ceremonial pipe
 George Thalben-Ball – Variations on a Theme of Paganini, theme and 10 variations for Pipe organ.
 Plastic pressure pipe systems
In 1909, the H. V. McKay Sunshine Harvester Works Pipe Band was formed.
Fangio arrived a few minutes later in the #658 car, but having started 24 min earlier, it actually took him about 30 minutes longer, having engine problems at Pescara, through Rome and by the time Fangio reached Florence, a fuel injection pipe had broken and he was running on 7 cylinders.
Oakum can be used to seal cast iron pipe drains.
The refrigeration system is attached outside of the coil and the cold transfers through the pipe walls to chill the water in the coil through conduction.
Later additions were a periscope sight, an exhaust pipe, and speaking tubes for internal communications.
A broken water pipe caused additional damage.
Zaroff smokes a pipe by his fireplace, but two issues keep him from attaining peace of mind: the difficulty of replacing Ivan and the uncertainty of whether Rainsford perished in his dive.
This church also has the largest pipe organ in South America, with 4,700 tubes.
 Portrait of writer Irving Wallace smoking pipe, 1972.
A third pipe was authorised in 1906,
The aqueduct capacity could be increased to fifty million gallons a day by laying a fifth pipe, but could not be increased beyond that whilst the aqueduct was still being used to deliver water to Manchester.
For example, steel pipe is often forge-welded during the manufacturing process.
A gild at Lideford is mentioned in 1180, and the pipe roll of 1195 records a grant for the reestablishment of the market.
Central Texas Tool Company, a fourth-generation non-computerized operation of the Carpenter family at 1410 Walnut Street in Abilene, specializes in pipe threading and the repair of oilfield equipment.
The pipe caused extensive damage to Bertha's cutterhead and main bearing seal, requiring the excavation of a  rescue pit for repairs.
 Dee Palmer – piano, portative pipe organ, synthesisers
The most familiar ducted vertical flutes are the recorder, tin whistle, and tabor pipe.
The T-Cell will introduce the Diver Propulsion Device (DPD) and the "buddy line", a  pipe made from composite plastics that every Marine is attached to when diving.
With vacuum brakes, a clappet valve is provided, which is released by the pulling of the alarm chain; with air brakes, there is a similar passenger emergency valve which can vent the brake pipe to the air.
All available pressure from the Equalizing Reservoir will go into the Brake Pipe, thus running the length of the train, actuating the train brakes on each car.
Pulling the alarm chain on a British train will pull a lever connected to the brake pipe flaps.
Courses offered at Air Cadet summer camps include training in leadership, flying, fitness and sports, survival, military band, pipe band, aerospace, aviation technology, and marksmanship.
The cadet music program recognizes two types of bands: military bands and pipe bands.
Only one cadet may be appointed as the squadron Drum Major or Pipe Major at any time.
By the time Tippin was 20, he was working as a commercial pilot, Truck driver and a pipe fitter.
The drill pipe twisted off on the first test, but the second was extremely successful.
In 1929, H. John Eastman introduced "controlled directional drilling" in Huntington Beach, California, using whipstocks and magnetic survey instruments to deflect the drill pipe from shore-based rigs to reach oil deposits offshore.
A feature introduced in 1993, which Rodgers has termed "Digital Domain Expression," offers swell box effects such as expression delays, high frequency damping and phase shifts of sound across a stereo field as expression shoes are opened or closed, similar to the effects produced by the swell shades on a pipe organ's swell box.
Steineger, Melissa, “Electrifying electronic pipe organs from Hillsboro lend resonant notes”, The Oregonian, October 16, 1986
Bosun's pipe, marlinspike, and small knives typically had a lanyard consisting of a string loop tied together with a diamond knot.
The leaking water pipe caused the ground to become lubricated, allowing the top layer to slip away from the lower part.
 Stinger, an extension over board the stern of an offshore pipe lay barge used to provide additional support at the over bend of an S-lay during offshore construction
With the availability of electricity, in 1922 a new large Wangerin-Werchardt pipe organ was installed in the church.
Smaller pressure vessels are assembled from a pipe and two covers.
Naval Reserve while still in high school, serving on a four pipe destroyer during the summers.
He lives in a tent, smokes a pipe and plays the harmonica.
In 1974 the Saint-Aubin church received a new pipe organ, the old one was donated to the church in Dives which did not have one until then.
Garçon à la Pipe depicts a teenage boy who is in a seated position surrounded by two bouquets of flowers.
Preliminary studies for this painting show the boy in a variety of different poses, including standing, sitting, leaning against a wall, lighting a pipe or holding it in his hands.
The peculiar position of the pipe in the boy's hand has been the subject of interpretation.
One of the most poetic Rose period images is the Boy with a Pipe.
Garçon à la Pipe has been described as a masterpiece, yet its sale at auction in 2004 for the price of $104 million caused some controversy amongst art critics.
The pipe band has performed locally in Arkansas as well as in Scotland.
The 1905 George Fincham Pipe Organ located at Hurstville Christadelphian District Ecclesia is a historically-significant musical instrument in the area.
This usage, known as rainwater harvesting, requires (besides a large rainwater barrel or water butt) adequate (waterproof) roof-covering and an adequate rain pipe.
The pipe in APL is the modulo or residue function between two operands and the absolute value function next to one operand.
Feldman mentioned in his related review that a convective air current through the pipe is the main inducer of this phenomenon.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
The church later decided to replace an old reed organ with a pipe organ.
Each pipe is of a certain diameter, so it can only maintain a flow of a certain amount of water.
Tartan Days typically have parades of pipe bands, Highland dancing and other Scottish-themed events.
Æolian-Skinner Organ Company, Inc. of Boston, Massachusetts was an American builder of a large number of pipe organs from its inception as the Skinner Organ Company in 1901 until its closure in 1972.
Information according to pipe organ database sites that this organ was built during the Harrison era but there is no proof that it is indeed a G. Donald Harrison signature organ.
They mounted the head on a pipe, together with blood-stained trousers and put a cigarette on him.
This medium may be a broad-leaf plant in the aquarium, a flat surface such as a piece of slate placed vertically in the aquarium, a length of pipe, or even the glass sides of the aquarium.
However the final inquest of the HSE indicated that the explosion was due to an ignition of gas released by a leak in a pressurised petroleum gas pipe.
When confronted by police with autopsy evidence that high levels of carbon monoxide were found in Tracy's blood, Latimer confessed that he had killed her by placing her in his truck and connecting a hose from the truck's exhaust pipe to the cab.
 BBC News: Libya's thirst for 'fossil water' (article contains map of pipe network)
Specifications of the church's organ are detailed on the National Pipe Organ Register.
In 1925, a fire destroyed a large part of the town hall, including the main auditorium and pipe organ.
The outhouse is surrounded by and covered in ice, perched off the end of a rock, and with a pipe pouring effluvia onto the mountain.
Established on 12 November 1888 it is one of, if not the oldest civilian pipe band in the world.
He focused the company on pipe production, and found a ready market when cities began to make large investment in water supply after 1871.
The current construction was consecrated in 1906 by Archbishop Manuel Antonio Arboleda, who brings it a magnificent European pipe organ.
An example is shown in the accompanying diagram, where the flow rate in a pipe is controlled by a PID controller, assisted by what is effectively a cascaded loop in the form of a valve servo-controller to ensure correct valve positioning.
Chewing tobacco (North American, European), also known as chew (or in some Southern US dialects as chaw or “dip”), is tobacco in the form of short or long, loose leaf and stem strands (like pipe tobacco or longer), or less commonly of chopped leaves and stems compressed into blocks called plugs, or even finely ground pieces compressed into pellets.
Swedish Match's share was even greater in the recent past, as a series of acquisitions between 1999 and 2010 including General Cigar and Scandinavian Tobacco Group (STG) which is the world's largest cigar producer and manufactures more than 50 percent of the world's pipe tobacco.
The company produces 3 billion cigars and 5,000 tons of pipe tobacco per year.
In November 2009, TPG, which already owned a substantial portion of PIPE Networks' shares, announced it intended to acquire the company.
Amongst some of the features available are a concrete half pipe with a deck at each end, a Funbox that includes a flat rail, stairs with a ledge on either side, a Vulcano which also has ledge, as well as a concrete spine with Coping.
Monday, the pipe band strikes up including drums and trumpets, and, with the Provost leading the way, the seniors march through the Kauke Arch in a jubilant parade, described by one professor as a "celebration of both scholarship and survival", ending at Kittredge dining hall, where a celebratory dinner with advisors and college administrators follows.
Wooster has an active on-campus pipe band.
During the spring season, they perform and compete at a grade 3 level, having won prizes at the Scots wi' Shotts event in Cleveland hosted by the local Lochaber Pipe Band.
It was initially intended to be released sometime in 2010, featuring animations such as "Sonic Warfare", "Paddle Ball", and "Super Pipe Dream".
A Left-wing magazine once commented that "socialism did not grow out of the pipe Mukherjee smoked".
 Juan Felipe = Juanfe, Pipe
Orton and DiBiase both competed in the WWE Championship Elimination Chamber match at Elimination Chamber, where DiBiase eliminated Orton after hitting him with a pipe Rhodes had given him.
Hais arose from a proposal originated by Clifford Hartley, the chief engineer with the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, for a flexible pipe with a lead core that could be laid by a cable-layer ship.
The  diameter inner pipe, which would carry the petroleum, was made from extruded lead.
A second test was carried out in June across the Firth of Clyde, with lengths of pipe manufactured by both Siemens and Henleys.
Full-scale production of the two-inch pipe was started on 14 August 1942, using steel from the Corby Steelworks, and on 30 October,  of it was loaded on board  under the command of Commander Henry Treby-Heale, which was to be used as a full-scale rehearsal of Operation Pluto.
Later a ship's anchor dragged the cable pipe, but Holdfast was able to locate and repair the damage.
The trial was sufficiently successful that it was decided to develop -diameter pipe.
Two more,  and  (later renamed Empire Baffin and Empire Ridley respectively), could each handle  of 3-inch pipe weighing approximately .
Normally welded pipe gave trouble due to rings of residue that formed around each weld.
Unlike Hais, Hamel pipe was too stiff to be coiled in a ship's hold, as it could not withstand the twist along the longitudinal axis that came with each turn of the coil.
A sprocket chain driven by an electric motor rotated the Conundrum while pipe was wound around it.
It was not known how long the Hamel pipe would last, but it was assumed to be about six weeks.
This too failed when the pipe became wrapped around the propeller of the support ship, HMS Algerian.
Novak races to the property and finds Hickson treading water in the enclosure and breathing through a pipe.
In the Library with the Lead Pipe.
After encountering storms and a burnt exhaust pipe, Earhart landed in a pasture at Culmore, north of Derry, Northern Ireland, ending a flight lasting 14h 56m.
The inlet to each reactor was baffled so that liquid entered the reactors at a low level; the exiting liquid flowed over a weir whose crest was somewhat higher than the top of the outlet pipe.
At a working level the offset was accommodated by a dog-leg in the bypass assembly; a section sloping downwards inserted between (and joined with by mitre welds) two horizontal lengths of 20-inch pipe abutting the existing 28-inch stubs.
The metal of the pipe would have experienced hard-to-detect deformation, microscopic cracks, and structural weakness as a result, increasing the likelihood of failure.
Julian Benjamin Pipe  (born May 1965) is a British politician who currently serves as the Deputy Mayor of London for Planning, Regeneration and Skills.
Pipe was elected as a Labour party councillor in Stoke Newington in 1996, later representing the King's Park Ward.
Pipe has launched the Skills for Londoners Capital Fund, investing in digital skills, designs and facilities specifically tailored for disabled Londoners and those with special education needs.
On June 26, a pipe burst near the west public parking entrance, causing the first floor of the tower to flood.
Inami has the power of controlling her hair to great lengths and can use a pipe as her weapon.
The pipe through which the magma and gas had travelled would collapse during this process, sending a shockwave at hypersonic velocity that would deform the surrounding craton.
This makes it harder for the heart to pump blood through the lungs, as it is much harder to make water flow through a narrow pipe as opposed to a wide one.
The name reflects that each renal pelvis collects urine from the calyces and funnels it into the ureter like a wash basin collects water and funnels it into a drain pipe.
During the renovations of the 1970-80s, Robert L. Sipe Organbuilders installed a new three-manual, 65-rank, 3,489 pipe organ with a "German accent."
 Pipe Organs of Temple Square images on Wikimedia Commons
The badge appears not only as a cap badge, but is also seen on the regiment's drums, as well as the drum major's sash and regimental pipe banners.
In 1970, members of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) were charged with pipe bombing the home of his son Miller Nichols, then president of the J.C. Nichols company, among other places in Kansas City.
 Flake tobacco, used in a smoking pipe
Every such pipe or other means of conveyance, cock, vessel or utensil as mentioned, and all goods chargeable with a duty of excise or materials for the manufacture of such goods found therein, may be seized.
This development required a short length of new pipe at the Draycote end and a new pump at Leamington.
At the time, IPSCO's annual production was 4.3 million tonnes, with four steel mills and eleven pipe mills.
As the ET is filled, excess gaseous hydrogen is vented through umbilical connections over a large diameter pipe on an arm extended from the fixed service structure.
Cope further praised Roy Campbell, William Plomer, and Laurens van der Post, saying, "Their brief but glorious sortie helped to break up the smug and comfy little bushveld camp of colonial English writing which had been sending up it's pipe fumes, coffee scents, and smoke screens for a century past."
Early flight trials encountered aerodynamically-related teething problems, such as airframe vibrations and tail buffeting, which led to a redesign of the rear jet pipe fairings and the addition of a bullet-shaped anti-shock body on the tail.
All one would have to do to move it to the city was dig some canals, lay some pipe and let gravity do the rest."
When lit, the flame propagates quickly down the paper pipe from the hot gases produced by the burning powder.
An urban consumer may have 5 metres of 15 mm pipe running from the iron main, so the kitchen tap flow will be fairly unrestricted, so high flow.
Water supply and sanitation require a huge amount of capital investment in infrastructure such as pipe networks, pumping stations and water treatment works.
A black sticky substance was found to be blocking the drill pipe when circulation was stopped for several days at a depth of .
The water falls from the pipe into the buckets (formed from wooden slats on the circumference) and makes the wheel rotate in what is described as the 'reverse' direction: it is a pitchback wheel.
The rivalry came to a head at Sacrifice when The James Gang beat Team 3D using a lead pipe.
Cannon attended Brentwood Methodist Church, just to the south of Nashville, where she also donated the pipe organ.
 British Institute of Organ Studies, for the study and appreciation of pipe organs
He said that his pipe was his best source of inspiration.
It also is possible that decaying tree roots could create or increase the potency of an SCC environment at the pipe surface by increasing the amount of CO2 in the soil."
 Tube, pipe and wire bending machines
The church contains a three manual pipe organ by Taylor of Leicester.
By requiring community members to donate their time and labor to lay 16 miles of pipe for a shared water system, build houses, or work on building rehabilitation, the grant involved the community in self-improvement.
Pipe Dreams (Black Saint, 1994)
The water rises and eventually he is submerged over his head, able to breathe only through a piece of pipe leading to the deck.
Interests related to the Bond family also control Global Diamond Resources plc (formerly Lesotho Diamond Corporation) which is developing the Kao diamond pipe in the Kingdom of Lesotho.
Francis William Aston applied this method in 1913 when he separated two isotopes of neon by diffusing a sample thousands of times through a pipe clay.
Within, they find a meerschaum pipe, whose engravings reveal the next clue is on the Declaration of Independence.
He is a one-legged black or bi-racial youth, who smokes a pipe and wears a magical red cap that enables him to disappear and reappear wherever he wishes (usually in the middle of a Dirt devil).
One can also try to appease him by leaving behind some cachaça, or some tobacco for his pipe.
In this process the creature became black, his red hair metamorphosed into a red cap, and, as the African elders who usually told the tales, he came to be always smoking his clay-and-reed pipe.
In it Saci has his trademark pipe, red cap and shorts, and is missing his right leg.
The broadcaster Alistair Cooke's bones were removed in New York City and replaced with PVC pipe before his cremation.
Discovering that water is Sandman's weakness, he opens a pipe, releasing water that reduces Marko to mud and washes him away.
The song has been described as a "folk song with a lilting soprano saxophone in its refrain as a small pipe organ paints acoustic guitars, framed by the ghostly traces of classic American Songbook pop structures."
This was a recurring complaint and the United States International Trade Commission recommended imposing import quotas, noting "the economic threat to the domestic pipe industry from the Chinese surge."
Engel was interested in both music and performance and spent time as a child actor and singer in the mid to late 1950s, including roles in two Broadway musicals, Pipe Dream and Plain and Fancy.
 Monsieur Pipe fait de la peinture, 1936 (unfinished, film school)
She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down with the exhausted Malloy, who is still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.
The rink has had a pipe organ for most of its history; since 1955 it has been a Wurlitzer model with four manuals, moved to the rink from its previous home at Portland's Broadway Theatre, where it had been installed in 1926.
One officer dropped a flash-bang grenade down the bulldozer's exhaust pipe, with no apparent effect.
A shepherd's pipe is heard in the distance.
The early test model Jupiters had two small gas jets powered off the turbine exhaust, the gimbaled exhaust pipe not being introduced until late 1958.
Three orthographies have been used over the past half century, two based on pipe letters for clicks and one using only the basic Latin alphabet.
A named pipe, however, can last as long as the system is up, beyond the life of the process.
It is explicitly created using mkfifo() or mknod(), and two separate processes can access the pipe by name — one process can open it as a reader, and the other as a writer.
Win32 SDK functions CreateFile, ReadFile, WriteFile and CloseHandle open, read from, write to, and close a pipe, respectively.
The church houses Pacific Union College's notable pipe organ built by Rieger Orgelbau of Austria and installed in 1981.
Where a pipe has been removed.
Firing trials against  in 1907 revealed this system's vulnerability to gunfire, as its spotting top was hit twice and a large splinter severed the voice pipe and all wiring running along the mast.
During the 1990s, he produced a number of hit albums for bands such as Live, The Verve Pipe, Big Head Todd and the Monsters, and Kenny Wayne Shepherd among others.
Changes made included a special Garrett AiResearch T-3 turbocharger with a ceramic-impeller blowing through a more efficient and significantly larger capacity intercooler with a "Cermatel (ceramic-aluminum) coated" pipe connecting the intercooler to the engine.
There are two pipe organs located within the abbey buildings.
This organ was built in 1983 by Bellsham Pipe Organs.
The Order of the Arrow Lodge is Abnaki Lodge 102 with the totem of a bear and a peace pipe.
They are divided into three categories: "dumb" units, which only provide a visible indication of the rear of the train with a flashing red taillight; "average intelligence" units with a brake pipe pressure gauge; and "smart" units, which send back data to the crew in the locomotive via radio-based telemetry.
The Sealed Angel, Russian liturgy for mixed chorus a cappella with shepherd's pipe (1988).
Feinberg began frequenting gay bars in Buffalo and  primarily worked in low-wage and temporary jobs, including washing dishes, cleaning cargo ships, working as an ASL interpreter, inputting medical data, and working at a PVC pipe factory and a book bindery.
There was also an attempted bombing on December 11, 2017, during the morning rush hour, when a pipe bomb device partially detonated in the passageway connecting the IND Eighth Avenue Line station with the rest of the complex.
Minor bridges operated by the Commission are the Pennsauken Creek Bridge, Pompeston Creek Bridge, Route 73 Overpass, Swede Run Bridge and the Twin Pipe Culvert, all along County Route 543.
 Danville Pipe Band, Danville, Kentucky (2003-2006)
Then I completely cut off the substance of the pipe, an area just less than the size of a tirmisah (lupine seed).
For the exterior,  buyers can choose from 26 exclusive G manufaktur paint colours, and the Black Accents covers for the fender flares, roof, front and rear bumpers, external rear-view mirrors, rub stripes, spare wheel cover ring, wheels, side exhaust pipe tips, etc in gloss black paint.
Carole flirts with a sleazy businessman and brings him to a hotel room, where Michael beats him to death with a lead pipe so they can rob him.
 Nominal bore, a pipe size standard
It was incorporated into Irvine Auditorium when the building was constructed and is known to this day as the Curtis Organ, one of the largest pipe organs in the world.
The glengarry, balmoral, and caubeen are typically worn by kilted regiments and their respective pipe bands.
Victor did better with Paint Your Wagon, and Damn Yankees, but had their share of flops: Seventeen, Make a Wish, Hazel Flagg, and Pipe Dream, along with minor hits Me and Juliet, Happy Hunting, New Girl in Town, Jamaica, Redhead, Take Me Along, Do Re Mi, Wildcat, and Milk and Honey.
This technology will bring a revolution in electricity transmission by replacing huge infrastructure of several 100m high pylons by a pipe in 30 cm diameter.
On the right choir there is the pipe organ built by Gaetano Callido, it has an original integral mechanical transmission; it has a single 47-note keyboard with first octave scavezza (C1-D5) and a 17 + 1 pedalboard (C1-G # 2 + Rollante pedal) with first octave scavezza, constantly combined with the manual.
One helped support a pipe that was used as a low-level spillway.
In 1999, another jet fuel leak was discovered from a broken 16-inch pipe.
The Air Force initially estimated that pipe leaked roughly between  of jet fuel in that 46-year span.
In 1865, using a converted corn crib as a factory, Duke started his first company, "W. Duke and Sons," and began production of pipe tobacco under the brand name "Pro Bono Publico" ("For the Public Good.")
Other objects—eyeglasses, a comb, a pipe, matches, and so on—are shallow enough in volume so as not to spoil the illusion.
(In the 1970s, Link used parts scavenged from an inoperative trainer to help rebuild a Link pipe organ.)
It lies near the western border of the Tohono Oʼodham Indian Reservation and due north of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Southern Arizona.
Second, water transfer from the Quabbin Reservoir to the Wachusett Reservoir, through a hydropower station or a bypass pipe, uses it as well.
The district constructed Pardee Dam (finished in 1929) on the Mokelumne River in the Sierra Nevada, and a large steel pipe Mokelumne Aqueduct to transport the water from Pardee Reservoir across the Central Valley to the San Pablo Reservoir located in the hills of the East Bay region.
The Treaty of the Peace was celebrated by the smoking of a ceremonial pipe.
At that time, CCCSD's service area population was 15,000; the treatment plant’s capacity was  per day; and the CCCSD’s collection system consisted of  of sewer pipe.
Copying this event opens a staircase beneath a large flower petal, done via a pipe in the water connected to a grinder speaker.
From Lukeville to Why, SR 85 is designated the Organ Pipe Cactus Parkway by ADOT.
Based on the Hagen–Poiseuille equation for viscous flow in a pipe, permeability can be expressed as:
He occasionally smokes a pipe, with the smoke drifting out of his eye sockets.
An emitting pipe is a type of drip irrigation tubing with emitters pre-installed at the factory with specific distance and flow per hour as per crop distance.
The outer shells are equipped with nozzles for pipe and instrument connections, access doors, air blast doors, gas outlets, and sight holes.
In October 1996, a year after the stadium was razed, a propane tank explosion melted and destroyed both pipe organs, excluding the console.
In 1980, Steadman wrote a 57-second song "Sweetest Love (Lament after a Broken Sashcord on a Theme by John Donne)" for an album he was illustrating, Miniatures: A Sequence of Fifty-One Tiny Masterpieces (edited by Morgan Fisher), on Pipe Records.
He used a cast iron pipe 1.5 m long and 12 cm diameter with two layers of gauze made from iron wire inserted about quarter of the way up the tube.
A length of pipe suspended from the ship down to the bottom of the sea might have been as long as 20,483 ft (6,243 m).
Repairs of the sewer pipe were completed in late February 2017, but the exact dates when the sewage began and stopped entering the river were unknown as of March 2017, leading to calls for an investigation.
Her news stories concerning Mayor Rob Ford, including one where she described watching a video of the mayor apparently using a crack pipe, brought her international attention, particularly after the mayor's ultimate admission that he had smoked crack in a drunken stupor.
Two further Pipe models were to follow, and a range of NSU-specific 3- and 4-wheeled models.
Kerana  Etymology: modification of Persian karranâi کرنای, from نی nâi, reed, reed pipe.
On 10 May 1913, Masson and Bauche overflew at least five Mexican gunboats and dropping four improvised pipe bombs containing  of explosives.
An air lock is a restriction of, or complete stoppage of liquid flow caused by vapour trapped in a high point of a liquid-filled pipe system.
If not, air lock may cause waterfall flow where the loss of hydraulic head is equal to the height of airlock; If the hydraulic grade line drops below the output of pipe, the flow through that part of the circuit would stop completely.
If H1 is greater than H2, then some water can flow, but the full pipe hydraulic head H3 will not be reached and so flow is much less than expected.
They operated the Stove Pipe Wells resort in Death Valley, California.
Since ether is heavier than air it can collect low to the ground and the vapour may travel considerable distances to ignition sources, which does not need to be an open flame, but may be a hot plate, steam pipe, heater etc.
In addition, the United States Coast Guard Pipe Band is formed from both Coast Guard Reserve and Coast Guard Auxiliary members.
Reduced pressure in the pipe may allow contaminated water from the soil, from storage, or from other sources to be drawn up into the system.
The water is provided to the basin by a bamboo pipe, or , and they usually have a wooden ladle for drinking the water.
In cryogenic pipe supports, most steel become more brittle as the temperature decreases from normal operating conditions, so it is necessary to know the temperature distribution for cryogenic conditions.
Askew chose to be a lifelong teetotaller and non-smoker after an unpleasant experience with a pipe as a teenager.
The modularity of evacuated tubes can be advantageous in terms of extensibility and maintenance, for example, if the vacuum in one heat pipe tube is lost it can be easily be replaced with minimal effort.
It was also a source of water supply for the city of Bristol through the Quay Pipe and The Boiling Wells.
In Deathly Hallows, various modifications have been made to the bike by Mr. Weasley, allowing it to create a brick wall or a net that erupts from the exhaust pipe and to shoot dragon fire from the exhaust, impelling the bike's sudden acceleration.
 Shmayenok, A. I., Malakhovskiy, F. B., Explosion pipe near the southeast shore of Lake Chud' (in Russian).
Everhart and Thornley increased the efficiency of existing detectors by adding a light pipe to carry the photon signal from the scintillator inside the evacuated specimen chamber of the scanning electron microscopes to the photomultiplier outside the chamber.
In addition to the studio recordings, Uncle Meat featured live recordings made at the Royal Albert Hall, including a recording of Don Preston playing "Louie Louie" on the Albert Hall pipe organ, at the end of which Zappa announces it as having been performed by the "London Philharmonic Orchestra".
There are varying designs; some are meant to be hung from a pipe or shower rod, while others can be stuck to the wall of the shower using a suction cup or something similar.
He often said the money was to get him back on the poker tables, but would instead use it to purchase crack, which he now had to use instead of cocaine because his nasal membranes were so damaged he could no longer snort the drug, while crack could be smoked through a pipe.
During the fight, she scratches Laurel's face multiple times, causing Laurel to fall out of a window and grab onto a pipe.
Gagnon were on top, a Japanese pipe was found by Pfc.
After a Japanese steel pipe was found, Lt. Schrier and two other Marines attached the flag to it.
After the two Marines took the pipe to Sgt.
Some systems use only a single pipe for combined steam and condensate return.
The central pinnacle pipe weighs  and has a height of .
The second type was a less flexible steel pipe of similar diameter, developed by engineers from the Iraq Petroleum Company and the Burmah Oil Company.
A further HAIS pipe and two HAMELs followed.
 "Rahway State" is mentioned in the lyrics of the East River Pipe song "Where Does All The Money Go?"
The school's Pipe Band was established during Bryden's period as headmaster.
Like her mother, Tyler became a chorus girl, and then landed a starring role in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Pipe Dream.
However, Essex police's senior traffic management officer, Adam Pipe, deemed lowering the speed limit "inappropriate, as drivers would feel  is not adequate and would not comply".
The programme of renovation included the completion of new heating and lighting systems as well as redecoration and gold leaf restoration, installation of newly commissioned bronze doors, the repair and reinstatement of the pipe organ and the installation of a new canvas by Peter Howson depicting the martyrdom of St John Ogilvie.
Both heatsinks are hollow, as is the attachment between them, creating one large heat pipe that transfers heat from the CPU to the radiator, which is then cooled using some conventional method.
After the system has been heavily insulated against condensation, the liquid nitrogen is poured into the pipe, resulting in temperatures well below .
It is also believed that abundant fireflies in woody areas are the embers from the Kapre's lit cigars or tobacco pipe.
With the children march brass and pipe bands, Lord Cornet and Ex- Lord Cornet support, and visiting dignitaries.
Surveys were made in 1872, and the first sections of pipe laid June 11, 1873 and the last on July 25 the same year.
The pipe traversed the Washoe Valley in the form of an inverted siphon, at the lowest point having a pressure of  of water, or 800 pounds per square inch.
Water was brought to the inlet in the Sierra Nevada range from sources of supply in two large covered flumes, and at the outlet end of the pipe was delivered in two large flumes a distance of  to Virginia City.
Lead was used to secure the joints between pipe sections.
Two trial trenches to the west of the tower discovered a defensive ditch which had been filled with midden material such as pottery, bone, bottle glass and a clay pipe bowl that would date the deposit to the 18th century if not earlier.
In the opinion of critic John Bush, the song's subject appeared to be autobiographical: "one of Brian's most deeply touching and bizarre compositions...lamenting his long life amid the pollution and grime of a city park while the somber tones of a pipe organ build atmosphere."
In 1994, a pipe trench was cut alongside the site, during which evidence of a ditch below ploughsoil and hillwash was found.
"The Pipe of Peace", a mural by the artist Grace Spaulding John, is located at the school.
Initially, runoff will exit the pipe and infiltrate the gravel to the soil beyond, dissipating naturally.
Some of the quartzite contains fossilized worm burrows and is known as pipe rock.
The top of stacks must be vented too, via a stack vent, which is sometimes called a stink pipe.
Under many older building codes, a vent stack (a pipe leading to the main roof vent) is required to be within approx.
A discharge of wastewater causes the AAV to open, releasing the vacuum and allowing air to enter the plumbing vent pipe for proper pressure equalization.
The cost of installation is high because of the number of elbows and small pieces of pipe required.
All dwv system fittings sizes are based on the inside diameter of the pipe that goes into the fittings.
The first reliable records come from the time of Henry I, when the sole surviving Pipe roll from his reign shows the Exchequer working out of the king's palace as part of the curia regis.
This maritime trade spurred the rise of companies in Interbay including rope factory Portland Cordage, Rudd Paint Manufacturing, Berquist's Vinegar Works, and the Chicago Junk Company (later Tsubota Steel and Pipe Company).
M models featured the same wider fenders as the 6 cylinder models but with unique front and rear bumpers, side mirrors and the M division's first use of a quad exhaust pipe arrangement.
This requires, however, that the changes to the circuits came into immediate effect, and Richardson argues that there is nothing in the Pipe Rolls to support this assumption.
Thirdly, as the boundary layer inside the pipe, or nozzle, thickens, the velocity profile approaches the one of a Poiseuille flow and the centerline velocity at the exhaust is measured to be larger than the prescribed piston speed.
The various types of pipe threads are designed for use both with or without thread sealants, as particular applications demand.
Commonly used sizes are , , , , , 1, , , 2, , 3, 4, 5, and 6 inch, as pipe and fittings by most U.S. suppliers.
The angle between the taper and the center axis of the pipe is tan−1() ≈ 1.7833° ≈ 1° 47′.
Pipe of a given size in a different Schedule than Schedule 40 provides a different wall thickness, while maintaining the same outside diameter and thread profile as Schedule 40.
Two Catholic homes were attacked with pipe bombs, and a child was thrown against a wall by one of the blasts.
Another pipe bomb exploded in the garden of a house in the White City area.
That night, loyalists threw a pipe bomb at a group of soldiers and police on the road, badly wounding a soldier and injuring several officers.
On November 19, 1998, Pakula was driving on the Long Island Expressway in Melville, New York, when a driver in front of him struck a metal pipe, causing  it to crash through Pakula's windshield, striking him in the head.
Armouring weight; 1,300 metric tons, steel pipe tower, 135 metric tons
A  pipe extends from the interior of the house under the berm, cooling the air by the time it gets to the comfort zone.
This is also important because a vehicle (tractor, truck, or otherwise) can break a sprinkler or the hard-PVC pipe or joint it is mounted on, simply by driving over it, particularly on newly moved soil which is uncompacted and therefore unsupportive of such weight.
A lamp at the centre of Parker's Piece was first proposed in 1890 and work commenced in January 1894 when a pipe was laid from Parkside, running parallel with the path opposite Melbourne Place.
Into this space is inserted another pipe with compass and inclinometer attached.
Concerned about the Hawaii's potential demolition, several members of the theatre's pipe organ volunteer group formed the non-profit 501(c)(3) Hawaii Theatre Center and, joined by others, united to save and restore it, eventually undertaking major fund-raising efforts.
The 450 pipe organ was moved from St John's Methodist Church in Selly Oak in 1960 by a group of volunteers led by St Stephen's organist G. A. W. Jeynes.
Matthew Bellamy – lead vocals, lead and rhythm guitars, piano, keyboards, Wurlitzer piano and megaphone on "Feeling Good", pipe organ on "Megalomania", strings arrangement, production, mixing
The car's design was inspired by jet fighters and the famous Sauber-Mercedes Silver Arrow Group C cars, and features several unique design elements, including its circular four pipe exhaust system.
However, soon after they confront It, the creature disappears into the sewers through a toilet pipe.
Tunneling stopped on December 6, 2013, after the boring machine struck a steel pipe, which obstructed its path  into the route.
John Gray, British founder of Gray and Davison pipe organ builders in 1841
 Thomas Stuart Smith – The Pipe of Freedom
Some of the quartzite contains fossilized worm burrows and known as pipe rock.
The 1922 machine was a classic design that would become famous as the ‘Big Port’ on account of its large-diameter exhaust port and pipe (initially 1 inches, but changed in successive years).
Submersible pumps are mounted on two vertical guide rails and seal onto a permanently fixed "duckfoot", which forms both a mount and also a vertical bend for the discharge pipe.
At Elimination Chamber in February 2010, Cody Rhodes passed Ted DiBiase Jr. a metal pipe which he used to eliminate Randy Orton in the match for the WWE Championship.
As water rose in the chamber, it compressed the air inside, which forced the water to eject in a steady stream through a pipe and nozzle.
In 1820 Thomas Burr implemented that process for lead pipe, with a hydraulic press (also invented by Joseph Bramah).
Copper (1100 to 1825 °F (600 to 1000 °C)) pipe, wire, rods, bars, tubes, and welding electrodes.
On August 9, 2004, a non-radioactive steam leak killed five and burnt twelve others in the nearby Mihama Nuclear Power Plant; the high-pressure steam pipe lost 85% of its wall thickness and failed five days before its first inspection since 1976.
FC Copenhagen: From pipe dream to European success
carburetor and matching intake manifold, chrome unsilenced air cleaner with callout sticker, longer-duration and higher-lift camshaft and stronger valve springs, 10.5:1 compression ratio, special black wrinkle valve covers with extruded aluminum appliques, and a low-restriction exhaust system with a  exhaust pipe, collector-type Y-junction, and exposed resonator.
This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb were a folk punk band from Pensacola, Florida, United States.
On February 3, 2011, This Bike Is A Pipe Bomb announced that it was ending.
The officer saw the words, "This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb" and became concerned.
Irish folklore is closely tied with the pipe and fiddle, the traditional Irish music and folk dance.
Tetch agrees to use his mind control technology on a member of the team, making him use a pipe bomb to kill the other players.
 Pipe Music - Duty Tunes
Brabus upgrades over a standard 698cc Smart Fortwo include a 60kw camshaft, 60kw yellow Bosch injectors, 60kw turbo charger, 60kw turbo to intercooler pipe (TIK), Brabus branded central twin outlet exhaust with chrome tips, aluminium Brabus intake manifold name plaque and the gearbox from a Smart Roadster (different gear ratios compared with a standard Smart Fortwo).
These chain pumps serviced the palaces and living quarters of the Luoyang; the water lifted by the chain pumps was brought in by a pipe system.
Brian Vander Ark, Verve Pipe frontman
For instance, Buffy has been knocked out by blunt force trauma, such as being hit over the head with a lead pipe by a possessed Cordelia Chase in "Bad Eggs" and with a detached mannequin arm by Ethan Rayne in "The Dark Age", and was also rendered unconscious when Drusilla jolted her with a cattle prod in "Crush".
In 1383, it is recorded that a member of the butlery staff, having selected a pipe of wine for the King's use, "signo regio capiti sagitte consimili signavit" ("marked it with the royal sign like an arrowhead").
Man with Pipe (1710)
Over the years, more musicians such as Seiji Honda and Rony Barrak were introduced to support the orchestra, with the Fourth Symphonic Game Music Concert using a live choir and the pipe organ of the Gewandhaus for the first time.
However his concept, a small bore pipe with a resealable slot was the prototype for many successor systems.
Clegg worked on a longitudinal flap valve, for sealing the slot in the pipe.
In his treatise, described below, Samuda implies that the pipe would be used in one direction only, and the fact that only one pumping station was erected suggests that trains were gravitated back to the lower end of the run after the atmospheric ascent, as was later done on the Dalkey line (below).
A piston, which is introduced into this pipe, is attached to the leading carriage in each train, through a lateral opening, and is made to travel forward by means of the exhaustion created in front of it.
Along the upper surface of the pipe is a continuous slit or groove about two inches wide.
Thus each train in passing leaves the pipe in a fit state to receive the next train.
A 15-inch traction pipe was used, with a single pumping station at Dalkey, at the upper end of the 2,400-yard run.
The traction pipe was laid between the rails; it had a diameter of 63 cm (25 inches) with a slot at the top.
The atmospheric pipe made this impossible on the flat, and a flyover was constructed to enable the crossing: this was the first example in the railway world.
The traction pipe slot and the piston bracket were handed; that is the slot closure flap was continuously hinged on one side, and the piston support bracket was cranked to minimise the necessary opening of the flap.
The summer of 1846 was exceptionally hot and dry, and serious difficulties with the traction pipe flap valve started to show themselves.
The first was an auxiliary traction pipe was provided at stations; it was laid outside the track, therefore not obstructing pointwork.
During the winter of 1847–1848, the leather flap valve that sealed the traction pipe slot began to give trouble.
There was said to be a chemical reaction between the tannin in the leather and iron oxide on the pipe.
Although rats are said to have been drawn into the traction pipe in the early days, there was no reference to this at the crisis meeting described above.
Didcot Railway Centre, Didcot, Oxfordshire: three full lengths of unused South Devon 22 inch pipe, found under the sand in 1993 at Goodrington Sands, near Paignton, displayed since 2000 with GWR rails recovered from another source.
STEAM – Museum of the Great Western Railway, Swindon: a very short portion of unused South Devon 22 inch pipe, probably the portion described in 1912 as on view at a Great Western Railway company museum at Paddington.
Museum of Croydon, Croydon: one full length of London and Croydon 15 inch pipe, found in the ground in 1933 at West Croydon station.
The website artwork showed the silhouette of a man smoking a crack pipe superimposed over the CIA seal.
The band is popular in Belgium, the Netherlands, and France, and has toured in the U.S. with The Verve Pipe, Tonic, Alanis Morissette and the Indigo Girls, as well as on their own.
For example, one character is identified by the smell of pipe tobacco.
The company, as a UK statutory authority, had the legal right to dig up the public highways to install and maintain its pipe network.
They include full concert show bands, brass ensembles, pipe and drum bands, marching bands and youth bands.
Another ornament always present at Christmas-time in Germany, the smoking man is hollowed out with a hole leading to his mouth, hung with a pipe.
The  long McIntyre Bridge is located upstream of the James Harrison Bridge, and is a post-tensioned, pre-stressed stayed girder bridge, carrying a sewer pipe with a concrete pedestrian walkway above.
Alex starts a shootout at the Key Club in which he impales Roberts with a pipe he breaks off the ceiling, and kills the remaining police.
When the centenary was celebrated in 1959, the pipe organ was refurbished, and the painted Stations of the Cross were replaced by a set of carvings.
It is not mentioned in the pipe Roll of Cloyne (c. 1370).
The Two managed to break a metal pipe off of a plumbing fixture to use as a club, and lift Adama off the floor with one arm.
She was constructed with more than 20,000 tons of steel, 3,000 tons of aluminum,  of cable and  of pipe.
The pipe organ was built by the Italian firm, Tamburini.
In 1916, he began working as pipe fitter and foreman at the Fore River Shipyard.
However, during his tenure on "As The World Turns," he was most often seen smoking a pipe.
Then a metal flask, which resembles a short length of steel pipe that ranges roughly from 3.5 to 15 centimeters tall and wide, is put over the sprue base and the waxes.
 Two Pipe Problems: The Case of the Missing Meerschaum as Mortimer Tregennis (2011)
The design of the adjustable jaw, which permits a certain amount of intentional play out of square, allows it to bind on the pipe, with forward pressure on the handle pulling the jaws tighter.
Pipe wrenches are classified by the length of the handle.
Back then, nut dimensions were poorly standardized, so each time a tradesman was out on a job, he needed a trolley to take a set of fixed pipe wrenches with him.
The pipe transferred 8,000,000 gallons of water a day from the East Bay Municipal Utility District's mains in Richmond to Marin's 170,000 residents.
Gwangyang focus on manufacturing automotive steel, high-strength structure steel, API line pipe steel, and other strategic product categories.
Several non-core operations were divested, including Stelwire, Norambar (formerly Stelco McMaster Works) and Welland Pipe.
The blowgun can also double as a breathing pipe and straw to enable the ninja practitioner to better survive in the wilderness.
The Pipe Rolls, records of royal expenditure, note that repairs were carried out at the castle in 1156–1158 and 1204–1205.
Rodgers Instruments, organ builder (Rodgers Organs, digital and pipe combination organs)
The company was initially incorporated by Imperial Oil as Interprovincial Pipe Line Company (IPL) on April 30, 1949, after Canada's first major oil discovery, in 1947, at Leduc, Alberta.
Phillips 66 is one of the largest petroleum services companies in the US, owning and operating 39 natural gas plants and 51,000 miles of gathering pipe.
Festival was officially revived on July 9, 2015, featuring Blues Traveler,  311, The Verve Pipe and Big Head Todd and the Monsters.
In an Austrian variant, collected by the Zingerle Brothers in Zillertal (Vom reichen Ritter und seinen Söhnen), the father, a famous and beloved local lord, dies and his sons discover the secret of their fortune (the three magical objects: a pipe, a green hat and a ring).
1989: A steam pipe explosion in Gramercy Park killed three, injured 24, and required the evacuation of a damaged apartment building due to high levels of asbestos in the air.
2007: On July 18, an explosion occurred in midtown Manhattan near Grand Central Terminal when an 83-year-old Con Edison steam pipe failed, resulting in one death, over 40 injuries, as well as subway and surface disruptions.
 John J. Eagan (industrialist), American industrialist and co-founder of the American Cast Iron Pipe Company
The 1985–86 models are recognizable by the dual horns below the headlight, square turn signals, dual front disk brakes, and one exhaust pipe on each side (front cylinder on right side, rear cylinder on left).
Soundgarden — The band took their name from a huge pipe sculpture in Seattle’s Sand Point titled "A Sound Garden".
Absentmindedly unaware of what has taken place, it is only when the television subsequently lights his pipe that West realizes that his television is behaving abnormally.
In an article on the Pipe Dream website about VH1's decade-retrospective shows, writer Jeanette Duffy noted that "VH1 has moved on from exploiting entire decades to making us reminisce over events that happened just days ago in the Best Week Ever", jokingly suggesting that cable networks might eventually produce the "Best Five Minutes Ever''".
Some of Mydans's other famous pictures include: the bombing of Chongqing, angry French citizens shaving the heads of women accused of sleeping with Germans during the occupation in 1944; a roomful of excited royal youngsters and their staid older relatives in 1954; and a 1950 portrait of Douglas MacArthur smoking a pipe.
Through this wooden pipe he ran steam and found that there was little heat loss.
Not much is known about his early life, but he begins appearing in various Antwerp archives of around 1530 working as a calligrapher as well as an instrumentalist: trumpet, flute and tenor pipe are listed as instruments that he owned.
Most Afrikaners did not support the establishment of an Afrikaner state in the early 1990s, as they saw it as nothing more than an impractical pipe dream.
The BCNR33 GT-R version also had the same RB26DETT engine that the BNR32 was equipped with, although torque had been improved, due to changes in the turbo compressor aerodynamics, turbo dump pipe, and intercooler.
to offset surfaces, and slightly less trivially to pipe surfaces.
The disc is positioned in the center of the pipe.
One of the men is Geoffrey and he tells William about the loss of his own best friend, the other man in the picture and the owner of the pipe.
Early 20th century examples include IBM's internal songbook Songs of the IBM, and the Larkin Soap Company which organized community singing and had a women's drum corps, an orchestra, a ukulele club, and daily recitals on a pipe organ.
This pipe end fits loosely into another with a flange for the gasket to seal against, and threads for the nut to clamp the gasket to the flange.
A pipe tomahawk given to Cornplanter by George Washington in 1792 disappeared from the New York State Museum in the late 1940s, but was eventually returned and put back on display in 2018.
The ass pipe, made out of a car exhaust tube, often provided the bass, and was played similar to the tuba.
A single  exhaust pipe exited the main converter and went into a resonator, and onto the main, transverse, single-inlet muffler with twin exhaust tips in the bumper.
The Silk Stream tributary was still the victim of at least one sewerage outflow pipe in 2010.
To make matters worse, the water pipe to Los Alamos froze and the water had to be supplied by tanker trucks.
There was major disruption to services from 2000 when a sewer pipe was laid beneath the railway seeing short line workings from Douglas to Santon, and various shuttles between Port Erin, Port St Mary and Castletown over three seasons before the full line was reinstated.
If the output is redirected to anything other than a terminal, for example a pipe to another command, less behaves like cat.
Kennedy commissioned the German organ-builder Edmund Schulze to build him a pipe organ.
Modern high grade pipe bands are required to play a march, a strathspey and a reel for competition purposes.
An 80 km gas export pipe ties into Åsgard transport system.
Eventually, one of the children starts making banging noises on the pipe to get people watching to believe her family's story before she's caught on camera by the film crew.
Tata Steel Europe operate a pipe works at Hartlepool, a heavy beam mill near Middlesbrough and a special sections mill at Skinningrove Steelworks.
The ductile pipe was developed into an internationally sold product, making Clay Cross renowned for its iron and coal industry worldwide.
 Aristolochia coryi I.M.Johnst – Cory's Dutchman's pipe
Aristolochia ringens Vahl – gaping Dutchman's pipe
The name has led to contact with Ceres, Italy (visited by the local pipe band in the 1970s) and Ceres, Western Cape, South Africa (with which gifts were exchanged in the 1990s).
As the sequence takes place entirely at night, the crew built a scaffolding out of pipe that was then draped in black tarping, giving the appearance of it being nighttime while inside the building.
He is remembered as the author of some clever imitations of contemporary poets Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope on the theme of A Pipe of Tobacco (1736), somewhat analogous to the Rejected Addresses of a later day.
The 75-day stoppage was caused by a cracked feeder pipe.
Hagen–Poiseuille law: a physical law that gives the pressure drop in an incompressible and Newtonian fluid in laminar flow flowing through a long cylindrical pipe of constant cross section.
It was an unassembled version of the Savage, based on the Savage 21, but came with some pre-included option parts such as an aluminum tuned pipe and an upgraded S-25 engine.
Sometimes he experimented with the Enharmonic scale, or enharmonic chromaticism which required microtonal tunings; apparently he built a special pipe organ in the 1590s for playing this kind of music.
His journalist activity was full of adventures, often dangerous ones – at one time he was in the taiga with tiger hunters, then at a polar station, and then he was at the Baikal-Amur Mainline construction and diamond pipe opening.
The Malahide Pipe Band was established in 1954 and still practices in the same area, in Yellow Walls, today.
The fuel cell has four vapor outlets that replace the exhaust pipe.
A trailing suction hopper dredger (TSHD) trails its suction pipe when working.
The dredged material is usually sucked up by a wear-resistant centrifugal pump and discharged either through a pipe line or to a barge.
These use the Venturi effect of a concentrated high-speed stream of water to pull the nearby water, together with bed material, into a pipe.
Pipe Creek Sinkhole near Swayzee in Grant County, Indiana, is one of the most important paleontological sites in the interior of the eastern half of North America.
Pipe Creek Sinkhole preserves an ancient wetland.
 Farlow, James O. and Anne Argast, Preservation of Fossil Bone from the Pipe Creek Sinkhole (Late Neogene, Grant County, Indiana U.S.A.), Journal of the Paleontological Society of Korea, 22(1):51-75, 2006.
Farlow, James O. et al., The Pipe Creek Sinkhole Biota, a Diverse Late Tertiary Continental Fossil Assemblage from Grant County, Indiana.
Sheets, Hope A., and James O. Farlow, Size-Frequency Distribution of Leopard Frogs (rana pipiens complex) from the Late Tertiary Pipe Creek Sinkhole, Grant County, Indiana, Paper no.
), Geology of the Late Neogene Pipe Creek Sinkhole (Grant County, Indiana), Indiana Geological Survey Special Report 69, January 2010.
The building was slightly damaged in November 2007, when a large sewer pipe from the World Trade Center site burst open and flooded the basement, causing a two-week evacuation of the building.
The first reconstruction (1910—1914) replaced part of the tunnel with a larger pipe, but was terminated by World War I.
Narrow cross-section of old pipe, however, could not accommodate the volume of water, especially during high water and freshets, flooding central streets; the most recent catastrophic floods occurred in 1965 (twice) and 1973 (also twice).
The network of hot air tubes was installed in the factory, but the heater power (blower) and burner units, their fuel pipe and connecting air tube, and the air intake shutter to close off the engine compartment were to be installed when necessary in the field.
She sees a drain pipe and uses it to scale the building, barely escaping the duo and easily climbing up to the roof.
The cathedral's pipe organ was built by T. C. Lewis and Co of Brixton, England.
A thermostat, heated through a pipe by the steam produced as the water comes to the boil, flexes, thereby cutting off the current.
A mining cart on an elevator cage hit an oil pipe and electricity lines, with the resulting fire trapping the miners.
 Marr and Colton, a pipe organ company
 Strohner Märchen (south of the Pulvermaar), volcanic pipe which has become a maar
 National Pipe Bending Company
This can be worked around with a named pipe to redirect the input and output.
SSH has already encrypted the pipe.
Metal-lined flue: Double- or triple-walled metal pipe running up inside a new or existing wood-framed or masonry chase.
Once it was closed, the air brake pipe on all the cars behind the closed valve remained at full pressure, keeping the brakes released on those cars while the brakes on the locomotive and first three cars were applied in emergency.
 Yeo Street: St John's Uniting Church and Pipe Organ
The church is also home to a well-regarded two manual Nicholson and Lord pipe organ.
In September 2016, the local Daldykan river ran red after a suspected break of a Norilsk Nickel slurry pipe released industrial waste into the water.
In 1995, they relocated their recording equipment to a rented beach house on the shore of Holgate, New Jersey, and the equipment and some of the early material for the album were nearly lost when a water pipe burst in the house while it was unoccupied.
Sometimes pipe insulation is used.
The warhead was wrapped around the pipe, but that left too little room for the control fin actuators, which were instead controlled from nose-mounted actuators using long pushrods.
Also found in the room were a long iron pipe, various lengths of rope, and leather belts.
In 1965, a  variant called the Continental GT, with red GRP tank, five-speed gearbox (which was also an option on the Crusader), clip-on handlebars, rearset footrests, swept pipe and hump-backed seat was launched.
Following indiscriminate attacks by Continentals against the Lenape, bands led by Captain Pipe and Buckongahelas broke away from the pro-American leadership of Gelelemend.
In 1992, a nonprofit group, the Friends of the Wanamaker Organ, was founded to promote the preservation, restoration and presentation of the famous pipe organ.
After a pipe bomb explodes at a university in "20 Hours in America, Part II", killing 44 people, including three swimmers, Bartlet gives a speech, written by Sam, that includes the following: More than any time in recent history, America's destiny is not of our own choosing.
The pipe can still be seen in the well at SW 6385 3571 opposite the entrance to the Praze medical centre.
Derbyshire lead mines are mentioned in the Pipe Rolls.
Gas lift was used as early as 1864 in Pennsylvania to lift oil wells, also using compressed air, via an air pipe bringing the air to the bottom of the well.
So confident of success were the Royalist attackers that they only attacked on one side, approaching Wem only from Soulton Road, with the commander, Lord Capel, lightheartedly smoking his pipe half a mile from the town on that road.
Montoya stopped on the circuit due to an engine failure caused by a broken oil pipe on lap 41, prematurely ending his maiden Grand Prix.
In May and June 2014, the Vancouver Police Pipe Band provided musical accompaniment during the mounting of the Queen's Guard in coordination with the Household Division and was part of the celebrations of the band's centennial year.
In January 2018, a film covering the pipe band's visit premiered at the Vancouver International Film Centre titled The Queens New Guard.
Bermuda is home to several folk traditions, including pipe bands, the gombey dance and a ballad song.
These generally include the ukulele (, imported from Hawaiian music), guitar, triangle, the bass boom pipe, shak-shak,  and fife.
An antiquated language with its own vernacular for everyday things (Schlaraffen Latin — for example; "powder pot" for tobacco pipe, "gasoline horse" for car, "castle monster" for mother-in-law) gives the Sippungen their own humorous note.
The hitch is simply a set of wraps using a rope or cord around an object, generally a round object like a pipe, pole or more commonly, a carabiner.
English Kills originates from a CSO pipe at 465 Johnson Avenue in East Williamsburg.
The city fined Empire Transit Mix in 2005 for ridding itself of its slurry through a secret pipe.
Examples include the mathematical models that describe the swinging of a clock pendulum, the flow of water in a pipe, and the number of fish each spring in a lake.
While the complete payload for OTV-5 is classified, the Air Force announced that one experiment flying is the Advanced Structurally Embedded Thermal Spreader II (ASETS-II), which measures the performance of an oscillating heat pipe.
A story states that it has even been used as ballast in trading ships and that some enterprising Northumbrian pipe makers used old discarded blackwood ballast to great effect.
Changes were made to the rear suspension layout, which also meant the exhaust pipe now exited from the left, rather than right-hand side.
After Rhyno Gored Test against a wall and pinned him he stood celebrating his new title only to be attacked by Awesome wielding a metal pipe.
 The Pipe Line Trek by Shaikh Muhammad Ali
The south wing of the main store in Nagoya has in its lobby a large pipe organ.
 digital church organs, which imitate pipe organs and are used primarily in churches;
The reed organ is thus able to bring an organ sound to venues that are incapable of housing or affording pipe organs.
The organ is electrically powered, replacing the reed organ's twin bellows pedals with a single swell (or "expression") pedal more like that of a pipe organ.
Other than the variations of tonewheel organ design, for example, a purely electronic interpretation of the pipe organ (based on "additive synthesis" design) seemed a promising approach.
The home musician or student who first learned to play on a console model often found that he or she could later make the transition to a pipe organ in a church setting with relative ease.
In 1990, Rodgers introduced software-based digital church organs with technology which connected multiple Digital Signal Processors (DSP) in parallel to generate pipe organ sound with stereo imaging.
With dedicated high-power subwoofers for the lowest frequencies, digital organs can approach the physical sensation of a pipe organ.
Digital pipe sound can include sampled or modeled room acoustics.
The frequency of sound produced by an organ pipe depends on its geometry and the speed of sound in the air within it.
The first full electronic church organ was built in 1939 by Jerome Markowitz, founder of the Allen Organ Company, who had worked for years to perfect the replication of pipe organ sound through the use of oscillator circuitry based on radio tubes.
Digital organs are a viable alternative for churches that may have a pipe organ and can no longer afford to maintain it.
However the high initial cost, and longer lead time to design, build, and "voice" pipe organs has limited their production.
This has now been enlarged to 5 manuals using further electronic organ units known as expanders, often used to enhance pipe organs, made by Content in the Netherlands and Ahlborn in Italy.
In automotive engineering, an exhaust manifold collects the exhaust gases from multiple cylinders into one pipe.
Why a cross plane V8 needs an H or X exhaust pipe
The reason for this decrease in pressure is that the fluid (liquid, air or gas) will travel along a pipe and when it comes at a crossing the fluid will take the path of least resistance and some will bleed off, thus lowering the pressure slightly.
At low engine speeds the wave pressure within the pipe network is low.
Aarfy is the plump navigator in Yossarian's B-25, noted for being oblivious to incoming flak, getting lost on missions, and his omnipresent pipe.
The industry in the area peaked during the period c. 1800–40, in which there was little else in the village besides the clay pipe industry.
Pung is an instrument played by blowing the horn of Animal Wild buffalo with a hole in the top and placing a Malingo pipe in that small hole.
In the Australian and New Zealand product lines, the depiction of Faulkner in the logo does not include his pipe.
Free boundary: Examples of this type are an open-ended organ or woodwind pipe, the ends of the vibrating resonator bars in a xylophone, glockenspiel or tuning fork, the ends of an antenna, or a transmission line with an open end.
 Reamer, a type of pipe tool
Type 3 (PVC) may contain bisphenol A as an antioxidant (not a plasticizer) in "flexible PVC" softened by plasticizers, but not rigid PVC such as pipe, window frames, and siding.
 15 bataillon « Je fumerais bien une pipe, Mais je n’ai pas de tabac !
Also to testify was a Government fire and insurance inspector named Colonel Cuthbert Buckle, who demonstrated to the jury how, in his view, the fire had been deliberately started by what he termed "human agency", with a deliberate loosening of the locknut of the petrol feeding pipe.
A pipe could direct water to one side of the ship or another, which caused the ship to be able to move with more agility in the high seas.
Although it has not made asbestos-containing materials since 1958, Owens-Illinois invented, tested, manufactured and distributed KAYLO asbestos containing thermal pipe insulation from 1948 through 1958.
", a 216-foot flume slide with a vertical half pipe ending in a 25,000-gallon splash pool.
The company completed a buyback of TPG's PIPE convertible in 2000, which would ultimately be acquired by UnitedHealth Group, in 2004.
On 27 November 1942, a distinctive knife with a hooked point resembling a parrot's beak was discovered by a Private Albert Brown, hidden in a waste pipe within the wash-house at Witley barracks.
The film was suspected of influencing Luke Helder, a college student who planted pipe bombs in mailboxes in 2002.
The pipe organ was not yet operational, so the Mormon Tabernacle Choir was accompanied by a synthesized organ amplified through the center's speaker system.
He is smoking an oversized silver pipe called a kiseru and exclaims "The spring view is worth a thousand gold pieces, or so they say, but 'this too little, too little.
The British press and some in the Shadow team blamed Zorzi for the tragedy, suggesting his agitation in the cockpit trying to remove his oxygen pipe prompted the marshals to cross the track, believing Zorzi needed assistance.
The basic principle is the same as a traditional pipe organ, but rather than being played by an organist, the barrel organ is activated either by a person turning a crank, or by clockwork driven by weights or springs.
This causes the other end of the key to press down on the end of the rod which, in turn, activates the valve and allows air from the bellows to pass into the corresponding pipe.
The pipe was anchored by concrete blocks attached by fibre straps.
Smoking materials including matches were found in the clothes of the deceased, one man was found with a half full pipe in his hand.
The mill at Storfors is equipped to manufacture pipe from plate up to 35 mm thick, in sizes from 139.7mm OD up to 1626 mm.
Terence mentions him specifically in the opening didascalia to each of his comedies, and in addition mentions the type of double reed pipe to be used in each.
He is plump and somewhat bald, and smokes a pipe in some of the books.
piping - water pipe, sewer and storm drain
Photographer Adam Stanheight awakens in a dilapidated bathtub, with his ankle chained to a pipe.
A short pipe fitting having an FIP thread at both ends is sometimes called a coupling.
Alex and her gang generally find Louis annoying, with a grandiose personality, but at times he can be a very caring and well-meaning person, such as when he attempts to rescue a young child trapped beneath a cement pipe, or when he helps Alex make a friendship video for Nathan Dean in their class.
A 2 ½ inch pipe was pointed, perforated and covered with a sheet of fine perforated brass.
At 12. he found employment in a sewer pipe factory in Oakland, California, and later in Oakland he worked with union leader Harry Bridges.
The first one is by the Groovie Goolies with Drac on the pipe organ, Wolfie playing a lyre-like stringed instrument, and Frankie on a drum set with a xylophone made of bones.
According to the Pipe Rolls of 1168, the name had become Aldermannestun.
While stationed in Perth, Chard—a lifelong pipe smoker—was diagnosed with cancer of the tongue.
The basic rainwater harvesting system is more of a plumbing job than a technical job, as all the outlets from the building's terrace are connected through a pipe to an underground tank that stores water.
Pieces of pipe poked out of walls, usually with several fittings and a label implying it was an important part of the ship's infrastructure.
 Ian Underwood – organ (1), rhythm guitar (2, 5), piano (3), electric piano (4, 6, 9), alto saxophone (4), pipe organ (5), electric alto saxophone with wah-wah pedal (7), tenor saxophone (10), grand piano (10)
The glass painting works were made by Miksa Róth, and the pipe organ of the church is the product of the factory of Pécs and József Angster recognized in the era.
The hall contains a 3-manual pipe organ  built by Rushworth and Dreaper, with a console on a lifting platform that can be played on the stage or from the area below the stage, and a Walturdaw rising cinema screen.
In the third model year (K2) Honda began refining the Gold Wing, although the changes for 1977 were small, such as exhaust pipe heat shields, revised seat and handlebar, as well as a new fuel gauge.
Apart from the driver being considered to be the sole operator of the train, the emergency brake pipe cock does not provide the same degree of control over the automatic brake as a proper brake valve.
At the conclusion of his performance, Illinwek was met at midfield by a drum major dressed as the University of Pennsylvania's Quaker mascot, offered a peace pipe, and walked off the field arm in arm.
During the investigation of the 1990 fire, investigators learned that unreported fires had also occurred in 1985, caused by a deep-fryer, and twice more in 1988, the first caused by a broken lubricating pipe.
LNG is either dispensed from bulk storage tanks or made locally from utility pipe at LNG fuel stations.
 Odorizer, a device for adding an odorant to gas flowing through a pipe
In a May, 1934, Popular Science Monthly article, it was stated that "Only a handful of men in the world have the strange power to make a bit, rotating a mile below ground at the end of a steel drill pipe, snake its way in a curve or around a dog-leg angle, to reach a desired objective."
Coupled with the development of measurement while drilling tools (using mud pulse telemetry, networked or wired pipe or electromagnetism (EM) telemetry, which allows tools down hole to send directional data back to the surface without disturbing drilling operations), directional drilling became easier.
Kilbarchan is the home of Kilbarchan Amateur Athletics Club, and contains a Primary school, a Girl Guiding Centre, separate Scout Halls, a pipe band and two churches, Kilbarchan West and Kilbarchan East which are now a united church in the former East church campus.
The term applies primarily to cigarettes, although it can be used to describe incessant cigar and pipe smoking as well.
A key organiser of the group, Pete Lusk, stood down as spokesperson after harassment and threats from locals, culminating in a pipe bomb exploding in his letterbox.
At the expense of their accumulated points, players can tap Sigmund Freud's pipe and be shown where a piece must be placed, or they can place the pieces in the puzzle themselves.
Their spread throughout the country enabled the king to draw upon them as occasion demanded; he repaid them by demand notes on the sheriffs of the counties, who accounted for payments thus made in the half-yearly accounts on the pipe rolls (see Aaron of Lincoln).
The name is first recorded in the Cartulary of Battle Abbey (Kent) in the early 12th, and in Pipe Rolls 1192 (Hampshire).
The American Organist is also the official magazine for the Associated Pipe Organ Builders of America.
The three-manual pipe organ was also destroyed in the fire.
Otherwise, age has not unduly withered, nor the years condemned beyond the need for suitable alcoholic refreshment and good pipe tobacco.
Square HSS is made the same way as pipe.
In 1931 it acquired total ownership of the Wharton & Northern Railroad and a partial interest in the Mount Hope Mineral Railroad from Warren Foundry & Pipe Corporation.
Because telescopic sights universally have a round main tube, the standard mounting method is to use scope rings, which are essentially round metal pipe shoes that clamp firmly onto the telescopic sight body.
The well has an inlet pipe  in diameter from the reservoir that allows water in when the reservoir reaches maximum permissible level causing the float to rise, the balance weight to fall pulling the gates up allowing discharge of water.
Soon after her arrival, she began an extensive overhaul at the Western Steel & Pipe Company.
 Debut, album by Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band
"The livid pipe still protruded straight out, glistening with their mingled secretions."
In general, the larger the diameter of a given pipe at a given pitch, the fuller and more fundamental the sound becomes.
The wider the pipe, the greater the suppression.
Since there are twelve semitones in an octave, each pipe differs from its neighbours by a factor of .
In consequence, the diameter of the pipe halved after 16 semitone intervals, i.e.
Töpfer's system provides a reference scale, from which the scale of other pipe ranks can be described by means of half-tone deviations larger or smaller (indicated by the abbreviation ht).
On May 24, 1990, a pipe bomb exploded under the driver's seat of Bari's car while she was driving.
He testified that a Klansman had referred in a planning meeting to using pipe bombs for possible assaults at the rally, and that he took no further action.
Water left the fountain through the northern opening downstream, continuing through a pipe.
In oil fields, a roughneck's duties can include anything involved with connecting pipe down the well bore, as well as general work around a rig.
By navigating from one room to another, the player unlocks the pipe to that room for easier backtracking.
A traditional musical instrument was the pipe organ.
Each pump stroke raises 50 imperial gallons (230 litres) of water to the canal via  of  diameter cast iron pipe.
Large amounts of pollutants are still dumped into the sea through the nearby marine outfall pipe, a matter of increasing concern to ecologists.
The single pipe is about 10–20 cm long with 3 to 7 finger holes.
A major tributary basin, the Double Pipe Creek watershed, is also impaired for sediment and bacteria.
The Conacher two manual, 1210 pipe organ came from the parish church of Lavenham, Suffolk in 1997.
Hodson grappled with Walker but the escapee managed to break free so Hodson began hitting him over his head with the piece of pipe.
In frustration, Ryan forced Mitchinson to back off, then got out of the passenger's side door and noticed Walker running towards him, being chased by Hodson who was holding the pipe in his hand.
The 'barrier' is usually a resin material bonded between the outer and inner layer of the pipe itself.
Cast iron – Cast iron bathtubs, machinery, pipe, and engine blocks
Using a funnel (a pipe with a wide, often conical mouth and a narrow stem)
The painting shows an image of a pipe.
Other industry are another metallurgical plant "Svobodny Sokol" ("Free Falcon"), a tractor factory LTZ, solvent-extraction plant Liboil (largest rapeseed oil producer in Central Federal District and the second in Russia), pipe factory, a factory for refrigerators and household appliances, an ice factory, lathe factory, chemical factories, etc.
(Editor) Pipe and Drum: An Anthology of Verse for Young Children, illustrations by Irene Mountfort, Blackwell (Oxford, England), 1939, Stokes (New York, NY), 1940.
This modern breakthrough was such a revolutionary concept in the 1930s and 40s that Roto-Rooter featured an illustration of a mound of dirt over a recently excavated sewer pipe with the caption, "Why put a grave in your yard?"
 On pipe organs, tremulant
To demonstrate how the cage rotor works, the stator of a single-phase motor and a copper pipe (as rotor) may be used.
Modern classifications restrict the family to the South American red pipe snake or false coral snake Anilius scytale, with the previously included Asian genus Cylindrophis raised to a separate family, Cylindrophiidae.
That frees up bandwidth, and the customer's choice is less restricted by the size of the pipe into the home.
The flow of data is explicit, often visually illustrated as a line or pipe.
1995 – Strange Trips & Pipe Dreams (Emergency Broadcast System Records)
The choir loft of St. Mark's is home to one of the largest pipe organs in Seattle.
The six-bedroom, six-bath home he owned on Franklin Avenue in River Forest contained two bowling lanes, an indoor swimming pool and a pipe organ.
1906: Hailsham Church obtained first pipe organ.
High tension drums began and were perfected in the pipe band market and later moved into the marching band and drum corps areas.
These differences tend to give the pipe drums a "snappier" snare sound, emphasizing the higher frequencies of the drum.
Scottish pipe bands use a single tenor drum as part of their drum corps section.
The bass drums used by pipe bands have seen an increase in size and more of a focus on tone in recent times.
Message syntax and semantics is defined with BEEP profiles associated to one or more BEEP channels, where each channel is a full-duplex pipe.
To do so involved using a long pipe to connect the cylinders, and an extra set of valves to balance them.
For the Black Watch, since the Crimean War, '"Johnnie Cope has been part of a sequence of pipe tunes played at an extended reveille on the 15th of every month known as "Crimean Long Reveille".
The park is the only place in the United States where the senita and organ pipe cactus grow wild.
In 1976 the monument was declared a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO, and in 1977 95% of Organ Pipe Cactus was declared a wilderness area.
The first  panels of a new Arizona, US-Mexico border wall were installed in August 2019 on a  stretch of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
A vertical metal pipe held a circular unit, called a "chandelier" from which the heaters were suspended.
One splinter put a hole in the exhaust pipe of the capstan engine which eventually contaminated the auxiliary condenser with saltwater.
Pipe Band of Mieres "Banda Gaites Villa Mieres"
Historically, twists could also be smoked in a pipe, or ground up into nasal snuff.
The exhaust pipe is visible in many pictures of the locomotive.
The arms were : Sable, on a fess wavy Or a barrulet wavy Tenne, the fess between in chief a thunderbolt between two picks, Or, and in base a steel pipe palewise proper between two cogwheels, also Or.
Chancel added 1912 and 3-manual pipe organ by J J Binns 1913.
Firing trials against  in 1907 revealed this system's vulnerability to gunfire as the spotting top was hit twice and a large splinter severed the voice pipe and all wiring running along the mast.
The result was contaminated pipe cooling system repositories.
In the 21st century, MIDI pedalboard controllers are used with synthesizers, electronic Hammond-style organs, and with digital pipe organs.
The MIDI information from the electronic pedalboard sensors triggers pipe organ sounds from digital sound modules (e.g., Wicks CM-100, Ahlborn Archive Modules, or Walker Technical sound generation), which are then amplified through loudspeakers.
Some MIDI pedalboards are designed for the church pipe organ market, which means that they use AGO specifications such as a 32-note range.
His other works are Pan his Syrinx, or Pipe, Compact of Seven Reedes (1584), a collection of prose tales; and a translation of the Menæchmi of Plautus (1595).
These have a distinctive appearance likened to a clay tobacco pipe stem, particularly as the vesicle is usually subsequently filled with calcite or other light-colored minerals that contrast with the surrounding dark basalt.
One improvement was fitting a perforated gas pipe with a special shield to break up the emitted gas bubbles, making targeting easier and reducing the visibility of the bubbles, allowing stealthier firing of the weapon.
The device consists of a receiver and transmitter pipe (optical head) mounted on a sturdy adjustable holder.
While living in Bedwas he became friends with David Pipe who lived nearby.
A laccolith is a large blister or igneous mound with a dome-shaped upper surface and a level base fed by a pipe like conduit from below.
Several months later he built a prototype in his basement, using Plexiglas, PVC pipe, O-ring seals and a two-litre soda bottle for the ample reservoir.
Buie's manager, Jeff Franklin, who was based in New York and had gotten the group the deal with Decca, was then able to get ARS signed to Polydor for their third release, Third Annual Pipe Dream, in August 1974.
Pipe Dream yielded the band's first hit single, "Doraville", which peaked at #35 and pulled the album up to #74 on Billboards Top 200 by November 1974.
Fangio retired with engine troubles caused by a broken oil pipe and so Farina led Fagioli home by 2.5 seconds with Parnell a distant third despite hitting a hare during the race.
UA2 was moved on air cushions when removed from the beam pipe of the SpS.
This detector was built as a cylinder, closely surrounding the beam pipe.
Jousters create lances that vary from simple PVC pipe and foam devices that are flexible, soft, and relatively safe, up to wooden or metal lances that may be quite dangerous.
Although used occasionally, this method risked insulation damage from sharp edges inside the pipe at each joint.
It is the terminus of State Route 85 and is located entirely within Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
The Amable du Fond River flows from Pipe Lake through Kawawaymog, North Tea, Manitou, and Kioshkokwi Lakes in northwestern Algonquin Park to join the Mattawa River on the south side of Samuel de Champlain Provincial Park.
Andy Sturmer - drums, guitar, drum programming, ARP synthesizer, Moog synthesizer, guitars, pipe organ, mellotron, percussion, vibraphone, keyboards, trumpet, marimba, bass, Prophet synthesizer, Fender Rhodes, vocal kazoo, claps, piano, acoustic guitar, ARP string ensemble, harmony, VOX Continental organ, BVO
 Halifax Minster's organ on the National Pipe Organ Register
 Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed (1969) as Guest – Smoking pipe
Restoration of Gray & Davison's pipe organ case and carvings at St Anne's Limehouse Church in London; Laurent Robert, Woodcarver and cabinetmaker
"Cased hole logs" are run after the well is lined with casing or production pipe.
In such cases the memory tools can be conveyed on Pipe or Coil Tubing.
At the No Way Out event, Flair interfered with Undertaker's match against The Rock, finally hitting Undertaker with a lead pipe to aid The Rock in victory.
The Pipe rolls for the construction of Château Gaillard contain the earliest details of how work was organised in castle building and what activities were involved.
 Jean-Luc Perrot (born 1959), pipe organ player and composer
One locomotive from this class was written off from service near Linggapura station after a boiler explosion that killed its driver, as a result of steam pipe failure.
Kim Hesley of Pipe Creek, TX was an elector for Texas's 23rd congressional district.
To get the canal from the east side of the Valley to the benches on the west, the “big siphon”—now concrete, but originally a -long wood-stave pipe of six and a half-foot-diameter—was constructed.
At first glance, he seems to be moulded from the primordial clay of nightmares: a leering man-child with a body like a tangle of tweed-coated pipe cleaners and the gurning, window-licking countenance of a suburban sex offender.
The name Palilula comes from the expression pali lulu which in English means light a pipe.
He noted that the vertical posts were made of iron pipe  in diameter with a wall  thick.
A piston valve is a device used to control the motion of a fluid along a tube or pipe by means of the linear motion of a piston within a chamber or cylinder.
Collins claims he burned his trousers on Parsons's hot exhaust pipe during the interview, which took place in the rain.
When Behra had to stop, due to his exhaust pipe having fallen off, Farina, who had taken over Simon's car, assumed second place.
Thereafter Hill's car ran with a crimped exhaust pipe, causing him to lose power.
The Chippewa follow the peace pipe religion, rooted in the Grand Lodge or Mediwiwin society.
On lap 76, with a one-minute cushion, Stewart's Tyrrell began trailing smoke from its left-hand exhaust pipe.
On the 44th lap, Scheckter's engine suddenly lost fuel pressure when a feed pipe broke.
Between 2002 and 2007, Polish organbuilder Zych - on the base of the project made by Prof. Andrzej Chorosiński - built 157-stop pipe organ (6 manuals and pedalboard).
Ralf Schumacher's running ended early due to a water leak that was possibly caused by a damaged pipe in the car's sidepod from hitting debris off Kimi Räikkönen's Sauber.
It was first discovered in 1955 by a researcher for the DuPont textile company working in an experimental lab, who noticed a type of white fluff coming out of a pipe.
To bring water from the Fortescue River, a quantity of  Victaulic-coupling pipe was brought from the Department of Works in Sydney and the Woomera Rocket Range in South Australia.
No more pipe was in storage, so a firm in Melbourne was asked to make some.
The Lois Perkins Chapel was built in 1950 and includes an Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ.
 Lil' Daddy – percussion (track 8), water pipe (track 5)
Using the Jaws of Life, Kat's rescuer accidentally activates her airbag, causing her head to be impaled on a pipe protruding from her headrest.
On 1 May 1987 the island got its first telephone line, using a cable attached to the mains water pipe.
The instrument collection includes two nine-foot concert Steinway grand pianos, the Waggener Memorial Organ – a tracker two-manual pipe organ, a Richard Kingston harpsichord, and several Steinway grand pianos that are designated for piano majors to practice.
At one time or another, Old Main housed the science labs, the college cafeteria, a pipe organ, and a Fumatorium (smoking room) where students in the early 1900s smoked, talked and played chess.
Nixon was arrested May 4, 2013, in Cherokee County, Georgia, after a crack rock and pipe were found in his vehicle during a traffic stop.
Special pipe cleaners are manufactured specifically for cleaning out medical apparatus and for engineering applications.
Microfilament polyester is used in some technical pipe cleaners because polyester wicks liquid away rather than absorbing it as cotton does.
The thin end is for cleaning the small bore of the pipe stem and then the thick end for the bowl or the wider part of the stem.
Pipe cleaners are commonly used in arts and crafts projects.
In Japan, crafting with pipe cleaners is known as Mogol art.
A pipe cleaner is made of two lengths of wire, called the core, twisted together trapping short lengths of fibre between them, called the pile.
Some pipe cleaner machines are actually converted chenille machines.
Other machines cut the pipe cleaners to length as they come off the machines.
Jumbo pipe cleaners have a 30 mm diameter with lengths of 45 cm (18 inches) and 2 metres (6.5 feet).
The hall seats 2,630 guests and features a pipe organ built by Canadian organ builder Gabriel Kney from London, Ontario.
Capelli briefly ran third ahead of Berger before his fuel pipe broke; Berger's race then ended four laps from home with a throttle failure.
Dorothy Parker, who was , once commented that when she, Sherwood, and Robert Benchley () walked down the street together, they resembled "a walking pipe organ."
Quick disconnecting is needed, because during a line-to-ground short circuit the grounding pin potential on the power outlet can rise relative to the local earth (concrete floor, water pipe etc.)
It was not a job that was sought after, the pig's bladder would be blown up while still in its very smelly ‘green state’, solely by lungpower, down the stem of a clay pipe which was inserted into the opening of the bladder.
From 1164 until 1189 the honour of Lancaster was held by the crown and its accounts are recorded in the Pipe rolls.
It has several main attractions: a large tube slide tower, a family body slide tower, a family water playground, a large family raft ride, a half pipe water attraction, and a lazy river.
The church has a two manual pipe organ on the left side of the church.
This promoted Hawthorn to third but a split fuel pipe dropped him to sixth in the closing laps, leaving third place to Von Trips.
One of the largest local companies was Rieger–Kloss which manufactured pipe organs.
One part of the river was put into a pipe in 1926, and the rest in 1955.
Originally the mini mill was adapted to production of bar products only, such as concrete reinforcing bar, flats, angles, channels, pipe, and light rails.
 Pipe Pacific Cable (2009)
In 2007, the original 1932 Compton pipe organ, still present from the building's days as a cinema, was restored.
It was found that a pipe in the raw-water circuit of the engine's cooling system had failed due to galvanic corrosion, allowing water into the bilges.
Maugham agreed that events were started by the flooding from the broken cooling pipe and the failure of the pumps.
A hydraulic snubber allows for pipe deflection under normal operating conditions.
Despite having no primary sponsor, Yarborough and his team ran the full schedule, picking up short-term deals with Sonic Drive-In and Hobas Pipe.
The concrete cover will often have a cleanout pipe extending above ground.
IfcRelConnects indicates connectivity between objects such as a floor slab connected to a beam or a pipe connected to a sink.
(2002) The Building of Orford Castle: a translation from the Pipe Rolls, 1163–78.
A theatre organ (also known as a theater organ, or [especially in the U.K.] a cinema organ) is a distinct type of pipe organ originally developed to provide music and sound effects to accompany silent films during the first 3 decades of the 20th century.
In other words, there was one pipe for each key on the keyboard.
These are but some of the basic differences between traditional concert organs and theatre organs, highlighting the elements which make the theatre pipe organ a unique instrument.
In addition, makers of traditional pipe organs for churches promptly jumped on the bandwagon and began producing and selling theatre organs, such as The Kimball Company of Chicago, Illinois, The Wicks Organ Company of Highland, Illinois, M.P.
These ranks are voiced in relation to other pipe ranks in the organ, allowing a handful of ranks in a typical theatre organ to imitate a wide range of instruments.
Hope-Jones' electro-pneumatic action eliminated this by using wind pressure, controlled by electric solenoids, to operate the pipe valves, and solenoids and pistons to control and operate the various stop tabs, controls, keys and pedals on the console.
The East Sussex National Wurlitzer, Uckfield, sports a Wurlitzer replica 'Modernistic' console built by Ken Crome and has 4 manuals controlling the 32 available pipe ranks and traps.
Other major donors have included Ralph Rogers, who donated the natatorium, the family of Lamar Hunt, which donated a football stadium, the Roosevelt family, which contributed a carillon and a Letourneau pipe organ, and Tom Hicks, who funded for a new gymnasium.
Brion performed during Mulaney's New York City leg of his tour, playing classic rock songs on Radio City's Mighty Wurlitzer pipe organ.
In February 2020, 100 flowering pots with the support structures were made and installed on the hydrant pipe at platform No.2 to increase the plantation and natural cover, using local resources of the Gorakhpur coaching depot.
One includes adding a ventilation pipe from the pit to above the structure.
Flies that hatch in the pit are attracted to the light at the top of the ventilation pipe.
The wind creates a strong circulation of air through the superstructure, down through the squat hole, across the pit and up and out of the vent pipe.
In some cases solar-powered fans are added giving a constant outwards flow from the vent pipe.
Since the vent pipe is covered by a fly screen at the top, flies will not be able to escape and eventually will die and fall back into the pit.
Wind passing over the top creates a suction pressure within the vent pipe and induces an air circulation.
The vent works best in windy areas, but where there is little wind, its effectiveness can be improved by painting the pipe black.
Hoccleve found a 17th-century admirer in William Browne, who included his Jonathas in Shepheard's Pipe (1614).
The group assembled their weapons: between them, they had two knives, a lead pipe, and a baseball bat.
The team landed at a glacier on Pipe Peak, in the northwestern part of the range, on December 26.
Other historic buildings include a schoolhouse, a blacksmith shop, San Diego's first newspaper office, a cigar and pipe store, houses and gardens, and a stable with a carriage collection.
In 1977 Valiant was trailing a Soviet submarine in the eastern Mediterranean when she suffered a salt water pipe leak, which flooded the reactor compartment with sea water.
The Souchays were members of St Paul's Church, Withington; Mendelssohn gave a recital on the newly installed pipe organ there in 1847, and the first wedding to take place there was that of John Souchay's eldest daughter in 1850.
Objects from daily life⎯guitar, pipe or bowl of fruit⎯ did not satisfy his complex idealistic concepts of the physical world.
 M&S Pipe Systems Co., Ltd.
On October 24, 2018, a pipe bomb device sent to former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, which had the wrong address, was instead delivered to the Florida office of Wasserman Schultz, whose name and address was on the return labels of all the packages.
In attempting to free himself, Ruskin pulls the oven away from the wall, rupturing the gas pipe.
In pipe bands, women often also wear the Glengarry.
Forced draught is provided in the locomotive boiler by injecting exhausted steam back into the exhaust via a blast pipe in the smokebox.
Paper Heroes: Appropriate Technology: Panacea or Pipe Dream?
He is chased into a room where hundreds are nesting and blows them all up by setting fire to a loose gas pipe, before diving underwater to safety.
The valve would close, locking the water into the higher pipe, and then propelling it in a jet stream.
 the use of robed choirs seated in the chancel accompanied by pipe organ rather than by a Church band and seated in a west gallery at the back of the church.
FitzRoyce and his assistant, Jack, go down to the filtration pipe in an attempt to lure the shark back in as a trap.
Hearing that the shark has been lured into the pipe, Michael and Kay go down to repair the underwater tunnel, so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water.
Colebrook equation, an implicit equation of pipe friction
Al was a welder for pipe construction companies and Evelyn was a field office manager.
A study of the bars of traditional cattle grids in the Flint Hills of Kansas found that 80 percent were made of pipe, while smaller percentages were made of railroad tracks, I-beams, planks, and other materials.
Front disc brakes were standard as were larger rear brake drums, and the Herald fuel tank was enlarged, retaining the handy reserve feature (essentially a curved pickup pipe that could be rotated to dip into the last few centimetres of fuel) of the smaller Herald tank.
The band competed in their first All Ireland Pipe Band Championships in 2009.
Additionally, many prosodists divide a line into feet—the minimal repeated units—using the pipe symbol (|).
On the return march, some of Hand's men attacked peaceful Lenape Indians, killing one man and a few women and children, including relatives of the Lenape chief Captain Pipe.
Calloway, Colin G. "Captain Pipe."
This system was very cheap and effective, but it had the major weakness that it became inoperative if the train became divided or if the train pipe was ruptured.
If the driver applied the brake, his driver's brake valve admitted atmospheric air to the train pipe, and this atmospheric pressure applied the brakes against the vacuum in the vacuum reservoirs.
In this system, air reservoirs are provided on every vehicle and the locomotive charges the train pipe with a positive air pressure, which releases the vehicle brakes and charges the air reservoirs on the vehicles.
Automatic brakes on the other hand use the air or vacuum pressure to hold the brakes off against a reservoir carried on each vehicle, which applies the brakes if pressure/vacuum is lost in the train pipe.
It is sealed against a rubber washer by the vacuum, with a pin to hold the pipe in place when the vacuum drops during braking.
 Chapel-en-le-Frith, Great Britain (1957) – broken steam pipe made it impossible for crew to apply brakes.
Pumping stations were built at Portland Road, Croydon and Dartmouth Arms, which created a vacuum in a pipe laid between the running rails.
The pumping stations were built in a Gothic style, with a very tall ornate tower, which served both as a chimney and as an exhaust vent for air pumped from the propulsion pipe.
Perhaps the most famous instruments Wurlitzer built were its pipe organs (from 1914 until 1943), which were installed in theatres, homes, churches, and other venues.
Moving the business to their North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory, from 1914 to 1942, Wurlitzer built over 2,243 pipe organs: 30 times the rate of Hope-Jones company, and more theatre organs than the rest of the theatre organ manufacturers combined.
In the final version of the GWR system, the locomotives were fitted with a solenoid-operated valve into the vacuum train pipe, maintained in the closed position by a battery.
A massive gasoline spill was subsequently ignited, likely by the unaware welders of subcontractor Matamoros Welding working inside the steel water pipe, resulting in an explosive fireball that caused the deaths, by burns, of four workers and one supervisor and the severe injury of four others.
In Britain, where steam hauled trains generally have vacuum operated brakes, it was quite common for turntables to be operated by vacuum motors worked from the locomotive's vacuum ejector or pump via a flexible hose or pipe, although a few manually and electrically operated examples exist.
The program's major sponsors include the Associated Pipe Organ Builders of America.
McCord, who had worked in facilities management for the Sisters of Providence, stopped by the Church of the Immaculate Conception and was drawn in by music from the pipe organ.
Grant (Gary Oldman), who carries a pipe in the shape of a monkey-head.
 Gas Pipe Line Act (safety of natural gas and propane distribution)
In 2010 the church received on long-term loan a five-rank Tudor-style organ built by Hupalo & Repasky Pipe Organs.
There's the Jewish notion of heaven, and that it can be obtained here on earth, and there is your belief in the cleansing power of the pipe."
Pipe Major George S. McLennan (1884–1929) of the Gordon Highlanders composed the 2/4 march "Captain E.B.B.
The Green is also currently the home of the World Pipe Band Championships.
 (Tinder Box) A 75-Year Pipe Dream
The club's original nickname, The Pipe Stems, has only recently been unearthed.
12th-century versions include Crouelton, followed by Craulton and Crewelton in a pipe roll of 1198, and Croulton in an Assize Roll of 1202.
Casavant Frères is a Canadian organ building company in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, which has been building pipe organs since 1879.
Joseph Casavant (18071874) was a French Canadian manufacturer of pipe organs.
The instrument has an Historic Organ Certificate and full details are recorded in the National Pipe Organ Register.
Heppenstall once came home drunk and noisy, and when Orwell emerged from his bedroom and asked him to pipe down, Heppenstall took a swing at him.
During the bomb recovery operations on March 23, 1966, a line used for towing broke loose, causing a pipe to strike Brashear's left leg below the knee, nearly shearing it off.
In January 1992, a ten-inch water pipe burst, leaving half of the zoo without water.
Citing a confidentiality agreement, Lauder would only confirm that the purchase price was more than the last record price of US$104.2 million US for Picasso's 1905 Boy With a Pipe.
Some people have overcome the graphics chip over-heating problem by fashioning a heat sink using a copper plate and thermal paste to fill the gap between the heat pipe and the graphics chip.
Damselfly: The damselfly lays its eggs by inserting the egg-laying pipe into the stalks or leaves in the water plants and end up spending the majority of its youth in the water.
The company also began to sell pipe tobacco under the "Nat Sherman" brand name.
The central feature of the tabernacle is the large pipe organ.
The Peasant plays the pipe.
The 1778 Avery pipe organ is said to be originally from Windsor Castle, a gift from Queen Victoria to Old St. Pauls, Emily Place, which had been demolished the previous year.
Occasionally the pipe is inserted rectally to administer an alcohol enema.
Kevin Pearce had five hits in the pipe, and all were the same tricks White did in his final run.
Gabriel Kney (born 21 November 1929) is a Canadian builder of pipe organs based in London, Ontario.
8 April 2002: About 200 cubic meters of steam escaped from a defective pipe.
Active in a local pipe band, he continued to farm until his death in 1942, aged 70.
Titled "The lazy one in the middle", it shows the seated belly smoking a pipe while the disjointed bodily members crawl on the floor about him.
The St. Petersburg Times later wrote that, since that time, Smith has "crisscrossed Florida, representing an array of labor unions–police officers and firefighters, electrical workers, carpenters, painters and pipe fitters.
This area variation is necessary to contain the disturbing effect on the engine of the high combustion temperatures in the jet pipe, though the area may also be varied during non-afterburning operation to alter the pumping performance of the compressor at lower thrust settings.
The former General Pipe and Foundry site is now North Highland Steel and the Mead paper plant site is now Inman Park Village.
The pipe pushers blew back and a mortar bomb dropped short and set off the oil drums in the Livens Projectors, causing much confusion among the attackers.
The remcriterium is based on either the brake pipe pressure, brake cylinder pressure or the position of the brake lever.
The main gas pipe on the leading coach was broken off in the impact, and the entire contents of the pressurised gas cylinders escaped in under two minutes.
Laboratory RoboCranes have demonstrated the ability to manipulate tools such as saws, grinders, and welding torches, and to lift and precisely position heavy objects such as steel beams and cast iron pipe.
The gun slewed to a loading casemate and aligned the muzzle with the casemate's water pipe nozzle.
This is achieved by injecting additional fuel into the jet pipe downstream of (i.e.
 pap-, pep- no clear etymology; possibly to PGmc *pipo "A pipe or flute; a wind instrument."
Racing in his private Connaught, he finished in 13th place, but retired from his last world championship race in 1955, after a damaged brake pipe caused him to spin off.
This was typically provided by an orchestra or theater pipe organ.
Each | tells the shell to connect the standard output of the command on the left to the standard input of the command on the right by an inter-process communication mechanism called an (anonymous) pipe, implemented in the operating system.
As all components of a pipe are run in parallel, a shell typically forks a subprocess (a subshell) to handle its contents, making it impossible to propagate variable changes to the outside shell environment.
GNU bash also has a  option to disable forking for the last pipe component.
The pipe ends appear to be normal, anonymous file descriptors, except that they have no ability to seek.
Alternatively, a process might create new threads and use the pipe to communicate between them.
The Unix system call pipe is a classic example of this concept.
The stair was built  as a timber two-flight stair with a steel pipe handrail.
A rich diversity of wildflowers are found in slope forest such as three jack-in-the pulpits (Arisaema dracontium, A. quinatum, A. triphyllum), Indian pipe (Monotropa uniflora), and wake-robin (Trillium gracile).
Interfaith Chapel – This worship center seats 175 and is equipped with a 33-rank, three-manual Moeller pipe organ and a grand piano.
Under most Unices and Unix-like operating systems, a special command is also available which implements a pipe buffer of potentially much larger and configurable size, typically called "buffer".
Hoists in the rig can lift hundreds of tons of pipe.
In the early 20th century the "Agati-Tronci" company, a known pipe organ manufacturer, began the production of cymbals, as they were difficult to import from Turkey.
To assist the United States during World War I, the Department of Mechanical Engineering shifted focus to train blacksmiths, automobile mechanics, machinists, draftsmen, general mechanics, and pipe fitters for the war.
The Concert Hall is another event space at the hotel that is outfitted with a Casavant Frères pipe organ.
 Pipe Smoker of the Year 1999
Bypass flow-through style (bypass – also known as "biscuit style" or many other, similar variant names) uses a pipe to bring water directly to an electrically controlled valve at the top of the humidifier.
There are also arrangements for pipe organ, alone or with brass.
The album also featured another DNA remix of one of her songs, "Rusted Pipe."
Since the program's beginning in the early 1980s, Bish has recorded over 500 episodes, each of which shows her playing one or more different pipe or digital organs.
The Creative and Performing Arts Centre provides a new Pipe Band facility, recording studio, Drama rooms, Music rooms, Middle School administration area, offices, Art and Graphics rooms.
Release of lead can occur from the solder used to join copper pipe together or from brass fixtures.
In an unsustainable system there is insufficient maintenance of the water networks, especially in the major pipe lines in urban areas.
The pumps discharge into a surge tank at the Atoka Lake,  away, via a concrete pipe that is  diameter.
GSHPs circulate a carrier fluid (usually a mixture of water and small amounts of antifreeze) through closed pipe loops buried in the ground.
Pottery Road Recreation Ground, located off Pottery Road, is a 5.32-acre site which includes an older children's play park and separate younger children's play park, enclosed surfaced football and basketball pitch, skate half pipe, skate ramps, adult exercise equipment, sheltered seating area and open space surrounded by treeline.
The song first appeared on the Shed demo tape, recorded in 1992 and again on the Garage Girl and Pipe Smokin' Brick demo-tapes.
So too do the Winnipeg Police Pipe Band.
Some tunes from this were copied out by John Stokoe in the nineteenth century: these include an extended set of variations on the song The Keel Row for fiddle (the earliest known version), pipe tunes with variations such as Bold Wilkinson, and a version of Jacky Layton with variations for fiddle.
Ernest Martin Skinner (born 1866 in Clarion, Pennsylvania – November 26/27, 1960) was one of the most successful American pipe organ builders of the early 20th century.
Skinner developed numerous automatic Player mechanisms, which allowed an unskilled individual to operate a large pipe organ in a manner similar to a player piano.
With the onset of the Great Depression and coincident improvements in the recording and playback of electronically amplified music in larger public spaces, orders for pipe organs fell.
 All the Stops: The Glorious Pipe Organ and Its American Masters — Craig R. Whitney published by PublicAffairs a member of the Perseus Books Group
He competed in, and won, several Breton traditional music competitions in the Bleimor Pipe band.
The second flag was attached to the pipe and, as Strank and his three Marines were about to raise the flagstaff, he yelled out to two nearby Marines from Lieutenant Schrier's patrol to help them raise it.
Sousley to find a steel pipe to attach the replacement flag unto.
In such a case, a baffle or a section of pipe containing a number of cooled vanes, will be attached to the inlet of an existing pumping system.
Modern toilets may be close coupled, with the cistern mounted directly on the toilet bowl and no intermediate pipe.
She was hospitalized for almost two weeks after being knocked unconscious by a falling pipe backstage during a live broadcast of Caesar's Hour in 1955.
He is sitting outside playing his shepherd's pipe when his mother calls for him ("Amahl!
Half Pipe Coaster (Elitch Gardens)
He then passed the feathers, tomahawk and peace pipe to author, historian, public relations, marketing professional and pastor, Bennett Wayne Dean Sr. in 1985.
Bugs blows out Sam's match when he tries to light a bomb, and when Sam tries it again away from the tree, Bugs blows it out with an extended pipe.
 Love Pipe (Red Elvises)
The term "sand boil" is used to describe the appearance of the discharging end of an active soil pipe.
For Christmas he receives a smoking pipe from Gertrud.
Nearby is the church of Sant'Agata, rebuilt in the 18th century on the site of a previous 15th-century building and houses a pipe organ created around 1770.
The theater's pipe organ was salvaged from the Portland Civic Auditorium.
For existing culverts which have experienced degradation, loss of structural integrity or need to meet new codes or standards, rehabilitation using a reline pipe may be preferred versus replacement.
Depending on the size and annular space to be filled as well as the pipe elevation between the inlet and outlet, grouting maybe required to be performed in multiple stages or "lifts".
Examples of pipe materials with high C-factors are high-density polyethylene (150) and polyvinyl chloride (140).
According to Ehrenburg:Alexey Tolstoy sat in silent gloom puffing at his pipe, then, suddenly appeased, he would break into a smile.
All the songs on the album focused on rural life and, in addition to the normal electronic instruments and flute of the band, used mandolin, lute and a pipe organ.
Barrett was the subject of national news headlines when he was attacked outside the Wisconsin State Fair on August 15, 2009, by a man wielding a pipe.
Barrett's injuries included broken teeth, a permanently damaged hand, as well as blows to the head where he was struck with the pipe.
The new bombs used up to twenty-five pounds of dynamite packed with metal slugs to act as shrapnel, all contained in a cast steel pipe.
Patten first became involved with the Fox when he volunteered to restore the theater's Moller pipe organ.
The old Scottish calls used similar rudimental patterns and drumming idioms to the English, but featured slightly different drum arrangements and fife tunes, rather than the distinctively snappy dot-cut triplet shuffle sound that pipe band drumming would use later.
Pipe bands, and their stylistically unique drummers, saw their first widespread use during the Crimean War.
In the 21st century there are four principal rudimental drumming cultures: Swiss Basler Trommeln, Scottish pipe drumming, Anglo-American ancient drumming, and American modern drumming (or DCI hybrid drumming).
In 2000, a skatepark was built at the youth centre, which in 2005 was expanded with a funbox, a quarter pipe, a ramp and an obstacle.
Horns were later added to the reed pipe to increase resonance.
This allows the lead guide pipe to retract back into the pencil body, which will keep it protected in storage and during transit and makes it 'pocket-safe'.
The pipe consists of a narrow tube (the gun) which directs air over a metal sphere (the buoy) with a hole in the top.
Pipe Aboard/Ashore: Flag-rank officers or an important guest is boarding or departing a Navy ship; also used to mark the final departure of a sailor retiring from active duty.
Crews of warships were not allowed to sing work songs or shanties, so the pipe coordinated the sailors.
Downstream users such as plastic pipe producers should provide detail of their uses to their suppliers.
Haddock is against the plan, but due to him mistaking Haddock's pipe for the ear trumpet (an error made in reverse by Haddock and corrected in a respective and consequent fire accident), Calculus instead believes he agreed.
Holmes transfers to another school, and Watson gives him an antique pipe that he bought during the investigations as a Christmas/farewell present.
At one point Marinovich severely cut his hand with a crack pipe during halftime and had to covertly bandage himself.
It is the 89th largest pipe organ in North America and the 143rd largest in the world.
When wind is blowing over the vent pipe it creates a low pressure area sucking the odor out.
This type of tobacco is used primarily in snuff, chewing and pipe tobacco.
It is one of the most frequently used wedding marches, generally being played on a church pipe organ.
The origin of the pipe has been hotly debated.
The pipe was mined in prehistoric times but those ancient workers barely scratched the surface.
 Cavalrymen used the term to deride foot soldiers, because the brass buttons on their uniforms looked like the flour dumplings or dough cakes called "doughboys", or because of the flour or pipe clay which the soldiers used to polish their white belts.
Dead Man's Hollow, former site of the Union Sewer Pipe Company located outside of McKeesport, Pennsylvania, now a 440-acre nature preserve and spur trail
The park also includes a children's playground, cricket training nets and a skateboard half pipe.
The Super model had extra chrome trim, notably around the windows; remnants of the signature Vauxhall bonnet flutes ran along the front flanks and the exhaust pipe exited through the rear bumper.
Similarly in New Zealand, this gesture symbolises smoking a "P" (methamphetamine) pipe, as well as variations of the shaka sign being the recognised gang salute for the Mongrel Mob.
In 1901, a large pipe organ was installed in the Grand Hall by Norman & Beard.
He was caricatured in Towfigh's weekly magazine carrying a cane (caused by a traffic accident in which he was involved), wearing one carnation in his suit jacket pocket, and smoking a pipe.
 Dan Fogelberg – vocals, electric and acoustic pianos, ARP synthesizer, electric and acoustic guitars, orchestral arrangement (1), finger cymbals (3), pipe organ (5), organ (6), sleigh bells and harpsichord (9)
After the first round of tear gas was launched into the crowd, the nearby construction site at the post office was raided for materials that were first thrown at the jail; later, a battering ram was improvised from a heavy pipe.
Sherlock Holmes, suffering from boredom due to a want of cases, returns home from a walk with Dr. Watson early in spring to find he has missed a visitor but that the caller has left his pipe behind.
He found a gas pipe leading into the strongroom with a tap outside.
As the greatest living British organist he was invited to Australia to inaugurate the organ in the town hall at Sydney, which contains a pipe sixty-four feet in length.
He asked the Los Angeles Water Company to help build the water pipe up the hill.
From March 1975 to December 1977, the Brigade robbed at least seven banks and detonated about 20 pipe bombs – mainly targeting government buildings, electric power facilities, Safeway stores, and companies accused of racism.
 Russell Simpson as Old Man with Pipe 
Wordcraft Writer of the Year Award for Poetry: Allison Hedge Coke, Off-Season City Pipe
 Ductile Iron Pipe Research Association
A named pipe is marked with a p as the first letter of the mode string, e.g.
"Birthday Pipe for Mr. Aldrich" (03/13/1947) 
At the Huwwara Checkpoint near Nablus, another Palestinian teenager was caught smuggling five pipe bombs in a wooden box.
We lived in Pipe City.
Most of the centuries-old churches in Goa feature these pipe organs, but few are known to use them now because of their upkeep.
He is said to have played his pipe and led the rats into the Solent, where they drowned.
This wind instrument consists of a single reed pipe, often made of a cane blade lapped onto copper tubing set into motion when wind is fed by arm pressure on a goat-skin bag.
It is presented along with a range of music from Davey's suite, featuring traditional soloists, singers, choir, pipe band, and orchestra, together with percussion.
Mick Talbot – Fender Rhodes (8), Pipe Organ (12), Hammond Organ (12)
Opening or damaging a steam valve or pipe can be potentially deadly.
In 2008, a high-pressure steam pipe exploded in the subbasement of Building 66 at MIT, apparently due to a construction defect.
Many large cities in the U.S. operate combined sewers, which collect sewage and stormwater runoff in a single pipe system leading to the treatment plant.
Many of the demonstrators are third or fourth generation pipe makers.
Located about 7.5 km from Welkom, a kimberlite pipe, was discovered in 1890 and mined from a single shaft until the start of the Boer War in 1899.
Hydraulic pipe is used in case standard hydraulic tubes are not available.
Black pipe is non-galvanized and suitable for welding.
 Pipe fittings, the fitting is screwed in until tight, difficult to orient an angled fitting correctly without over or under tightening.
He would walk with pipe and paper along a thriving thoroughfare oblivious of all; his hat shaped like a French general's, peak in front and back; shoes well worn; clothes shabby, and was in meeting reticent, even timid ...
(literally: "millet dream"), meaning a pipe dream.
In 1988, Fipke and partner Stu Blusson began a systematic search for diamonds in the Northwest Territories, leading to the discovery of the first diamond pipe in North America in November 1991 near Lac de Gras.
 19 January 1999: The OV claimed responsibility for a pipe bomb attack on a house in Loughinisland, County Down.
26 March 1999: The OV were blamed for planting a pipe bomb outside the home of a Catholic family in Randalstown, County Antrim.
28 April 1999: The OV claimed responsibility for a pipe bomb attack on the Ramble Inn pub in County Antrim.
 9 March 2009: The OV claimed responsibility for planting a pipe bomb at Sinn Féin's office on Burn Road in Cookstown, County Tyrone.
Peeples and another loyalist were arrested by the RUC after their car was stopped on the outskirts of Dungannon and two hand grenades and a pipe bomb were discovered.
As London continued to grow the new developments and suburbs were equipped with separated foul water and rainwater drainage pipe work.
Idler flatcars are also used in oversize freight service, as loads such as pipe often overhang the ends of most standard-sized flatcars.
Cross-linked polyethylene pipe (PEX), high-temperature products such as tubing and gaskets, wire and cable jacket curing, curing of composite materials, and crosslinking of tires are a few examples.
It has a wooden mouthpiece at the other end of the trumpet to blow into the pipe.
Benteen, in desperation, attacks the ship with a length of pipe, only to be stopped physically by Sloane and his men.
(2) Teams had to find the three naked men of Hammersmith, a statue in Hammersmith tube station, to find the second item (a pipe and tobacco).
She depicted him with two copies of his trademark smoking pipe, one painted, and the other a real one projecting aggressively from the front of the piece.
Most of Kerll's keyboard works are playable on both pipe organ and harpsichord, the exceptions are four dance suites composed for harpsichord and two organ toccatas: Toccata quarta Cromatica con Durezze e Ligature and Toccata sesta per il pedali.
The reactor would be little more than a steel pipe, and could be periodically serviced by an astronaut where the deposit is chiselled out.
The following week the pipe band and highlanders marched over the hills to Braemar to present the new colours to Queen Elizabeth II at the Braemar Gathering.
Formed in 1902, the band is one of 3 South African Defence Force pipe bands, the other 2 being affiliated with the Andrew Mlangeni Regiment and the Gonnema Regiment (formerly the South African Irish and Cape Town Highlanders respectively).
Pipe Major Donald Shaw Ramsay composed a 3/4 march entitled "Schiehallion".
Water was conveyed from the well to the tower in a cast-iron pipe thirteen inches in diameter when it was then forced into the tank by two force pumps, each of ten inches in diameter, worked by a duplicate, horizontal engine of twenty-five horse power.
Gas pipe that was to be used for interior lighting was laid in February 1891.
Currently, he is serving as an independent board member at the world's biggest pipe company, OAO TMK, in Moscow.
The aqueduct carrying water from Haweswater Reservoir to Heaton Park Reservoir in Manchester follows the line of Longsleddale underground on the east of the valley, and crosses Stockdale Beck by a pipe bridge.
As part of the trial, the jury visited the prison cells where Stone's confession to Daley was alleged to have taken place, and listened as a book was read through the pipe joining the two cells to judge whether the confession was plausible.
Additionally, a large amount of effluent is pumped out to sea, and major extensions of this effluent pipe were carried out in 1987 and 1999, though Saiccor maintained for many years that the effluent was largely harmless.
Clerk himself states that "It is not a compressing pump, and is not intended to compress before introduction into the motor, but merely to exercise force enough to pass the gases through the lift valve into the motor cylinder, and there displace the burnt gases, discharging them into the exhaust pipe."
However, in the midst of a chase, the kids accidentally bump a pipe organ, releasing a phasm named Flabber (Billy Forester).
Together with Robbie Fowler, McManaman has invested in several racehorses through a company named The Macca and Growler Partnership, their most prolific horse being Seebald—trained by Martin Pipe and raced by jockey Tony McCoy—winner of 2003 Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Celebration Chase.
An overflow pipe is visible running into Spring Creek in High Park and is always at a steady flow.
It is possible that the pipe has been manually shut off due to a current odour remediation project and removal of invasive tree species.
Mayor Jules Pipe, Hackney, Labour, 2010–2016
He lost in the second round of the European Championship and World Matchplay to Thornton and Justin Pipe respectively.
Ultrasonic meters measure the speed of gas movement by measuring the speed at which sound travels in the gaseous medium within the pipe.
This speed differs from the speed of sound in the gas by the velocity at which the gas is moving in the pipe.
The frequency of this vibration is determined by the overall density of the pipe (including its contents).
On September 15, 2006, Pitts was the first jazz artist to play a concert on Philadelphia's Kimmel Center's 7,000 pipe organ, "taking the medium to a whole new level".
For example, in 1866 Andrew proposed purchasing a pipe works adjacent to the old Cyclops Iron Works.
The pipe works turned out to be a white elephant, but they burned down shortly thereafter (saving the firm from further losses).
Some things seen assembled with hose clamps include the tail boom on a GMP Cricket model helicopter, a homemade gas scooter, makeshift pipe hangers, mounts for rooftop TV and shortwave antennas, and virtually every imaginable automobile body component.
Typically the seated figure is a heavy-set, jovial man holding a mug of beer in one hand and a pipe of tobacco in the other and wearing 18th-century attire: a long coat and a tricorn hat.
In 2009, solar-powered pipe schemes were introduced to enable water access in areas where hand pumps are unable to reach deep-seated aquifers.
It is performed by the bands of the three wings of the military, the Indian Army, Indian Navy and Indian Air Force, and pipe bands from the Army, plus from 2016 a massed formation of bands of the Central Armed Police Forces and the Delhi Police.
The drummers, mostly from the Army's pipe bands, give a solo performance, known as the Drummer's Call.
Organized by the Royal Guard, the tattoo features the Jordanian Armed Forces Band, the Al Hussein Musical Pipe Band, the armed forces drill team, and a camel mounted equestrian drill team.
It was concluded that a gas generator leak caused by improper brazing of a pipe led to overheating and fire in the thrust section of the Atlas.
Daniel staggers into the restroom, unsure of how to handle the situation, then stumbles and hits his head on the pipe below a sink, causing him to bleed severely.
In 1942 a pipe organ built by Joseph Howell Whitehouse of Brisbane, (1874–1954), was installed in the gallery at the end of the nave, above the main door.
In 1997 a new pipe organ was built by Orgues Létourneau of Saint Hyacinthe, Quebec, and installed on a new gallery built around the rose window in the western transept.
A rare and unusual find in the museum is a bronze "hydraulis" or hydraulic musical pipe organ found in a former workshop.
 Joe Ostrowski, "Joey" (1982-present): wind chimes, didgeridoo, cello, pipe organ, vocalist
This one is powered by the YaMZ-236A 195 hp diesel engine in a much bigger engine compartment, with a service hatch on the rear side and only one exhaust pipe, on the left side.
In 1980, a separate distribution pipe and ground reservoir in Barangay Kaytambog was included in the system.
The pipe organ is the first, and the forefather of keyboard bass instruments.
Constantly watching his father making and repairing instruments, Leo learned the art of pipe making and instrument repair.
A pipe roll from 1168 records it as Cerzhulla.
Reese attempts to fight the Terminator but is overpowered, though he manages to wedge the last of his homemade pipe bombs into its chassis and set it off; the explosion kills Reese and blows the Terminator apart.
A flexible pipe allows feeding the gun under any orientation.
Past players for BTM include former Cardiff City captain and Wales International Jason Perry, former Nottingham Forest player Christian Edwards, and David Pipe of Newport County.
Cassandra has the most encounters with Ethan out of any of her sisters, relentlessly chasing him throughout the castle alongside her mother (Something that her sisters were never seen doing), but is eventually killed when Ethan detonates a pipe bomb next to a weakened wall, exposing her to the cold environment outside.
Billy Ford attempted to flee as one member of the Dignity Battalions pummeled him repeatedly with a metal pipe.
Changes to the channel have been largely restricted to replacing sections with modern pipe.
For the following 86 metres, below Australia Square, the original sewer has been replaced with concrete box-profile pipe (1220 by 1830mm), inserted during the construction of the Square in 1962.
the section immediately downstream of the interception chamber, has an interception pipe leading to SPS 16 form the tidal weir.
Sewage from the fledgling city of Canberra was pumped to the site through an underground pipe from the vicinity of the Canberra Hotel, through the Yarralumla area.
Pipe All Hands (1937) novel
For that particular site, “ seabed soil displacements beneath the maximum ice keel gouge depth (3.5 ft) yielded a 7-ft minimum depth of cover for pipe bending strains up to 1.4%”.
During the mid-20th century, borosilicate glass tubing was used to pipe coolants (often distilled water) through high-power vacuum-tube–based electronic equipment, such as commercial broadcast transmitters.
It's possible that pressure may build up inside the pipe, causing the hot, caustic solution to spurt out of the drain.
This caused Liquid-Plumr to launch Liquid-Plumr: Foaming Pipe Snake, which is a 2-in-1 liquid.
In 1898 McCoy's further patent added a glass tube mounted below the reservoir so that the rate of delivery could be monitored, with a bypass pipe available in case the main feed was seen to be blocked.
He brutally slays Weatherup with a piece of lead pipe and dumps his body in a nearby lake.
If a compression type connection needs to be redone, more often than not the compressed copper/ferrule would need to be cut off and a new ferrule is to be used on a clean non-compressed piece of pipe end.
After his foot was crushed by a pipe in an accident, he was given a less-strenuous job working in the storeroom, allowing him more time to write songs.
Device type information is available through this pipe.
They return to their empty promises and pipe dreams except for Parritt, who runs to his room and jumps off the fire escape, unable to live with the knowledge of what he has done to his mother after discarding the last of his lies about his action and motivation for it.
where di and do are the inner and outer diameters of the pipe, respectively.
The overall heat transfer coefficient takes into account the individual heat transfer coefficients of each stream and the resistance of the pipe material.
The section of line between Croydon and Epsom was part of the London & Croydon Railway company who promoted the Clegg and Samuda atmospheric principle, utilizing a  pipe.
Wading screens and a trim vane were fitted as standard and an extension provided to elevate the exhaust pipe.
The two pipe bands were part of the 2nd Battalion and the 4th Battalion.
With additional turns, it becomes a pipe hitch.
In a departure from the illustrations he had provided for the Radiator campaign, Fowler worked in 3D, creating a model of a yellow monster dubbed the "God of Communications", smoking a pipe and wearing a "mobile phone and bandolier belt".
There the war pipe was smoked and passed from camp to camp among the Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapaho camped in the area and an attack on the stage station and fort, Camp Rankin at that time, at Julesburg on the South Platte River was planned and carried out in January, 1865.
Even a PVC pipe can be used to construct a flute in a very simple way, simply using common scissors.
 "So Sad the Song" – Pipe Dreams
As well as violins and woodwinds, baroque orchestras often contained basso continuo instruments such as the theorbo, the lute, the harpsichord and the pipe organ.
The circulating air suction pipe should be at the base of the hopper, as near the feed throat as possible.
Construction of the A21 rockfill dike (like the other three ore bodies, A21 kimberlite pipe is under shallow waters of Lac de Gras) is expected to be complete in 2018 with first diamonds expected in the fall of that year.
Strathpeffer and District Pipe Band was formed in 1980 to provide entertainment for residents and visitors and play regularly in the square.
A similar pipe on the opposite side of the lane provides water from the neighbouring White Spring, which flows from beneath Glastonbury Tor.
Cables of 10 kV or higher may be insulated with oil and paper, and are run in a rigid steel pipe, semi-rigid aluminum or lead sheath.
Through the first ¾ mile, the trail cuts through the eastern side of Pipe Creek Canyon until Ooh Aah Point, where the canyon walls turn around Yaki Point and the view of the eastern canyon opens up.
When 18 feather-plucking grey parrots (Psittacus erithacus) were provided with food in pipe feeders rather than bowls, their foraging time significantly increased by 73 minutes each day and their plumage improved noticeably within one month.
Another common brute force method to break open U-locks is to use a long length (perhaps 2 metre) of pipe to twist the lock open (although this method is more commonly used to defeat chain and cable locks).
 the political sewer pipe from Carleton County (1917)
By the time stained glass was being made, the glassblowing pipe was in common use, so hand-blown (or mouth-blown) sheets were made by the cylinder glass and/or crown glass method.
An alternate method when using csh or tcsh is to pipe the output from stdout and stderr into a grep command.
He is transferred to Pianosa after Wintergreen strikes an oil pipe and nearly drowns.
These sumps are typically ten feet in depth or more; lined with corrugated metal pipe that contains perforations or drain holes throughout.
Water enters the device by the bottom pipe (far end of the tube, see picture), and electronic sensors measure its height and send the data to a tiny computer.
As a record producer and mixer, he worked with the Monkees, Fever High, Dashboard Confessional, Swirl 360, Tahiti 80, Motion City Soundtrack, Verve Pipe, Robert Plant, America, the Sounds, They Might Be Giants, Fastball, and many other artists, as well as producing or co-producing five Fountains of Wayne albums and six Ivy albums.
Old St. Patrick's Cathedral gallery holds a large pipe organ that was built in 1868 by Henry Erben, originally operated without any use of electricity.
1993.05: The Beat Version Z features the Blade Silver Metallic color or Evergrade Green Metallic color, three black gauges, mud guards, a rear spoiler, exhaust pipe finisher, and alloy wheels.
After he retired from the NFL, Atkins worked in various jobs, including as an exterminator, as a pipe system manager, and selling caskets to funeral homes.
As the Deepwater Horizon sank, the riser pipe that connected the well-head to the rig was severed.
The exhaust pipe was placed at the back and the ventilator moved from the right to the left side.
 Einar Arnaldur Melax (credited as "Melax") – pipe bells, harmonium, all other strings
Ep 309 (2000-02-06) Record Company Contract Hassles Part 1 - featuring: Spiderbait, The Stone Roses, Ned's Atomic Dustbin, Perry Farrell, Joan Osborne, The Verve Pipe, The Smashing Pumpkins and School of Fish
Additional searches were conducted by police after videos seized at Bonelli's residence showed him exploding homemade pipe bombs with a man named Kenneth Stine and another individual.
Then after the remodeled Pauley Pavilion at UCLA in Westwood, Los Angeles was flooded by a broken 30" water pipe on July 29, 2014, the show was moved to the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles.
She laughed and continued with her offer: "I will put you in the way of rising in the world and making your fortune" she said, and she asked Peter to choose between a book and a pipe.
He found he could play the pipe immediately, and play it well.
A chillum, or chilam, is a straight conical smoking pipe traditionally made of clay or a soft stone (Steatite or Catlinite).
A chillum pipe is used in Rastafari rituals.
On April 20, 1995, a powerful pipe bomb exploded beneath a wooden wheelchair ramp on the north side of Province House, destroying glass in windows and causing some minor structural damage.
It is not a cop fantasy, newspaperman's pipe dream or movie myth.
His favourite instruments for composition were the Kunstharmonium and the pipe organ.
On July 15, 1977, shortly after 4:00 a.m., a water pipe burst in the tower's subbasement, two floors below ground level.
These fittings are  pipe thread, and can include an adapter from the factory for threaded steel lines in a SAE size.
Anomochilidae – dwarf pipe snakes.
Typically air lines are made with flexible hose or rigid pipe.
Fixed pipe systems are typically connected to a large industrial compressor, located remotely, in a plant room or dedicated space.
The player can hack into any of Rapture's automated systems; the hacking process is done via a mini-game similar to Pipe Mania where the player must connect two points on opposite sides of a grid with a limited set of piping within a fixed amount of time, with failure to complete in time costing health and potentially sounding alarms.
Combined with the Citadel pipe band, their own seven-minute segment of the show featured musical numbers reflecting a wide variety of uniquely American music.
Vehicles with Diesel engine sold in the United States were since end of 2008 equipped with selective catalysator using Diesel exhaust fluid (DEF) to reduce NOx emissions, while vehicles sold in Europe had a bypass exhaust pipe only.
 Stop action magnet in a pipe organ
Blood Pollution (Chris Cole's former band and a Steel Dragon tribute band) is also made up of known musical artists, including guitarist Nick Catanese (Black Label Society), drummer Blas Elias (Slaughter), and bassist Brian Vander Ark (The Verve Pipe, who also contributed a song to the film's soundtrack).
In modern rotary drilling, mud is circulated down the drill pipe and back up the wellbore to the surface.
Electric resistance welded (ERW) pipe is manufactured by cold-forming a sheet of steel into a cylindrical shape.
Dry riser: An empty pipe in a building which hoses can be connected to, so that water can be brought to the floor of a fire.
When Iberville visited the Natchez in 1700, he was given a three-day-long peace ceremony, which involved the smoking of a ceremonial pipe and a feast.
On 2 November 2007, a pipe with gunpowder residue was found in the bed of a contract worker's pickup truck during normal screening of vehicles.
The regiment also had an active pipe band as well as one of the top shooting teams in the country and was ably supported by a Regimental Council, a very active Regimental Association and a Ladies Committee up to the point of the renaming process.
Farley's serious demeanor and habit of smoking a pipe as a cadet earned him the nickname of "Uncle Joe" at the school and he was known by that name for the rest of his career.
While primarily known as a Turkish pipe, the chibouk was once popular in Iran, as well.
The most valuable ore body occurred in the Chisos Pipe in the Chisos Mine.
Pipe Dream (1955) - director, Tony nomination for Best Director
In 2010, Jóhann collaborated with filmmaker Bill Morrison on The Miners' Hymns (2011), a film and accompanying composition for a brass band, pipe organ and electronics, based on coal-mining in County Durham.
A further full rebuilding and modernisation of the organ was completed in 2012 by Principal Pipe Organs before returning to the care of David Wells in 2017.
Its predecessor company, the Buckeye Pipe Line Company, was founded in 1886 as part of John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil trust.
Emme died in or after 1214, when she disappears from the Pipe Rolls.
Detailing of these systems also plays a part in success or failure: In some systems ready-made details (such as internal and external corners, through-roof pipe flashings, cable or skylight flashings etc.)
When prepared for use as a pipe, the natural nodules are first scraped to remove the red earthy matrix, then dried, again scraped and polished with wax.
In the 2004 film National Treasure, the second clue to the treasure is found hidden inside a Meerschaum pipe.
In addition a flap on the side of the tiger folds down to reveal the keyboard of a small pipe organ with 18 notes.
Another mechanism inside the tiger's head expels air through a single pipe with two tones.
 English wine cask units § Pipe or butt
He also had a pipe organ installed.
The video shows Ford smoking crack cocaine from a glass pipe.
In 1979, he built his first quarter pipe.
During a children's party for Sophia's birthday, an overhead pipe breaks and blood sprays over all of the guests, triggering further panic.
Second-hand smoking (SHS) is a combination of sidestream smoke (i.e., smoke emitted from the burning cigarette, pipe, or cigar) and the mainstream smoke exhaled from the lungs of smokers.
To determine the coefficient of linear thermal expansion of a metal, a pipe made of that metal is heated by passing steam through it.
 Floors 700 - 799: Pipe
1975: Bosch and Bendix EFI systems are adopted by major automotive manufacturers in an effort to improve tail pipe emissions.
The collection pipe network of a leachate collection system drains, collects, and transports leachate through the drainage layer to a collection sump where it is removed for treatment or disposal.
The chemical composition of leachate can weaken pipe walls, which may then fail.
Later in the decade he moved into the entertainment industry, helping to produce the 1976 film Pipe Dreams, which he also costarred in with his then-wife Gladys Knight.
Some conservative commentators suggested that pipe bombs that were sent to prominent Democrats prior to the 2018 mid-term elections were part of a false flag effort to discredit Republicans and supporters of President Trump.
Pipe organ building companies
In 1919, the renowned physicist, Albert A. Michelson, noted that the most favorable arrangement to obtain high sensitivity and immunity from temperature perturbations is to use the equipotential surface defined by water in a buried half-filled water pipe.
The organ, built by Henry Willis & Sons, is the largest pipe organ in the UK, and one of the largest musical instruments in the world.
 Greg Phillinganes: Roland Jupiter-8 synthesizer, Minimoog synth bass, Rhodes piano, pipe organ
 Hey Orgelbau – Manufacturer of pipe organs
The assets include pipe fabrication, piping, structural steel fabrication, mechanical assembly, and modularization subsidiaries.
It is usually smoked in a long pipe called a sebsi.
Modern pipe bands of average size usually field two to six flourishing tenor drummers.
 "Highland, Scottish, Pipe Band Drumming."
Denver and District Pipe Band, 2012.
Strathdon Caledonia Pipe Band, 2011.
City of Oaks Pipe Band.
Tapered threads are used on fasteners and pipe.
 National pipe thread, used in North America for several purposes.
 Dryseal Pipe Threads Form
Whispering Wall: Inspired by the water board's installations in the Rossendale Valley, this sculpture brings together elements of local quarrying, redundant pipe work and the ever-present sound of running water.
The water organ or hydraulic organ () (early types are sometimes called hydraulos, hydraulus or hydraula) is a type of pipe organ blown by air, where the power source pushing the air is derived by water from a natural source (e.g.
At a point just before the narrowing part of every pipe there is an opening producing the turbulence of the pressurized air and the sound.
 Dry riser, a pipe used to deliver water to firefighting systems that is normally kept empty (dry)
(iii) The Kirkuk oilfields and the pipe line to Haifa."
The new 2015 Toyota HiLux receives a slightly different version of the single VVT-i engine, with the only change being a removal of an air intake baffle tank being replaced by a conventional air filter housing to intake pipe to surge tank style.
His father, Peter Makem, was a fiddler who also played the bass drum in a local pipe band named "Oliver Plunkett", after a Roman Catholic martyr of the reign of Charles II of England.
The song is much lighter than the album's first single, "Hash Pipe."
The team that filled their pipe first won the event.
A manual is a musical keyboard designed to be played with the hands, on an instrument such as a pipe organ, harpsichord, clavichord, electronic organ, melodica, or synthesizer.
On pipe organs each manual plays a specific subset of the organ's stops, and electric organs (e.g., Hammond organ) and electronic organs can emulate this style of play.
Different manuals on pipe organs are usually used to play stops from a variety of divisions, which group together a series of different tones.
When it is under more shear, such as in the pipe to the bit and through the bit nozzles, viscosity is lower which reduces pumping-power requirements.
January 24 – Dom Bédos de Celles, Benedictine monk and pipe organ builder (died 1779)
The smoke screen device consisted of a sulphonic acid reservoir located over the exhaust pipe.
Further moving towards left keeping rpm constant, pressure in pipe will increase but compressor pressure will decrease leading to back air-flow towards the compressor.
However, Static is able to distract Cinderblock long enough for Beast Boy and Wonder Girl to impale him through the back with a large metal pipe, causing his body to crumble.
It is synthesized via a modification of the Verneuil process, which uses a third oxygen pipe to create a tricone burner; this is necessary to produce a single crystal, due to the much higher oxygen losses involved in the oxidation of titanium.
Fenton cooperates with his father to take the next victim but alerts him just before his father hits the man with the pipe, nearly blowing the scheme.
Water was supplied by one stand pipe on the opposite side of the road to West Row, but there was no sewerage means provided.
A private investment in public equity, often called a PIPE deal, involves the selling of publicly traded common shares or some form of preferred stock or convertible security to private investors.
In the U.S., a PIPE offering may be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on a registration statement or may be completed as an unregistered private placement.
In recent years, top Wall Street investment banks have become increasingly involved in the PIPE market as placement agents.
The SEC has pursued certain PIPE investments (primarily involving hedge-funds) as violating U.S. federal securities laws.
In these jurisdictions, once a company has completed a rights offering, it may pursue a PIPE transaction.
A piston extended downwards from the trains into a slit in the pipe, with trains blown towards the pumping station by atmospheric pressure.
Variants and accessories are available for specialized uses, such as clamps and long blades for cutting large pipe.
If the ice block is placed horizontally adjacent to a wall, pipe, jar, or another ice block, it will freeze to the adjacent surface.
The tune has remained popular and is still played by pipe bands.
The George Cardinal Mundelein Auditorium on campus is home to the historic 4 manual 21 rank Gottfried-Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ.
Bass pedal units usually have a smaller range (13 notes) than a church pipe organ's pedal keyboard (32 notes for an American Guild of Organists standard pedalboard).
Pedalboards have been a standard feature on pipe organs for centuries, and since the 1930s, electromechanical organs such as the Hammond organ often included pedalboards.
Some churches use MIDI pedalboards to trigger digitally sampled sounds for the low register of the pipe organ.
", he breaks in using his pipe as a blowtorch.
The experiment used a pipe and fire hose with holes to produce the bubble cloud.
Hoffman was the first person to ride an oversized ("Big") ramp in 1993 with his first High Air attempt off of a 24-foot quarter pipe.
He is later attacked by a pack of Velociraptors, but survives by wedging himself into a pipe.
He is eventually killed by a pack of raptors while fighting them off with an iron pipe.
On the night of 29 May 1941 twelve prisoners crawled through a sewer pipe from the canteen to an outer courtyard, planning to then descend a forty-foot wall, and then over another wall 12 feet high topped with barbed wire.
In the Danner process, the molten glass runs from the feeder as a belt onto an obliquely downwardly inclined, rotating ceramic hollow cylinder, the Danner pipe.
At the tip of the pipe the so-called drawing onion is formed, from which the glass tube is drawn off in the free sag on a horizontal pulling line.
 Ken Campbell as Stephen Pipe
The scene where Kelly meets with his father for the first time was filmed at the Texas Pipe Bending Company, a real business located at 2500 Galveston Road.
Vapor released from the drum was ignited when it came into contact with a hot surface, probably a brake shoe or exhaust pipe.
On his first cross country flight in a Typhoon, while delivering it to Gloster's, its main oil pipe failed.
He died in a fire in his home in Guildford on his 94th birthday, some say caused by his ever-present smouldering pipe but more likely by an overturned paraffin heater.
They are especially useful when measuring over very large distances; consider if the calipers are used to measure a large diameter pipe.
An upgrade to the station in 1906 included installation of a new, larger cylindrical, concrete tank with a capacity of , designed by (Sir) John Monash's Reinforced Concrete and Monier Pipe Construction Company.
 2019 Skaldic Verses for tenor solo, French horn and pipe organ.
In the case of angle valves, the outlet pipe is directed towards the bottom.
Around that time, enterprising house officers arranged for its replacement with a large section of concrete sewer pipe, which was eventually replaced with a concrete facsimile of the original pot.
Blockhouse 7 was about  north-northeast of a point where the water pipe crossed Santol road).
This leads to the new sink being put on a removals lorry going to Leeds, and Hugh fusing the electricity in a number of houses and making a hole in a water pipe.
When comparing to a trace or wire, the hose or pipe should be thought of as having semi-permanent caps on the ends.
A node (or junction) in Kirchhoff's junction rule is equivalent to a pipe tee.
The inertia of the water flowing through the pipe produces the inductance effect; inductors "filter out" rapid changes in flow, while allowing slow variations in current to be passed through.
A transistor is a valve in which a diaphragm, controlled by a low-current signal (either constant current for a BJT or constant pressure for a FET), moves a plunger which affects the current through another section of pipe.
The above "electrical friction" example, where the hydraulic analog is a pipe filled with sponge material, illustrates the problem: the model must be increased in complexity beyond any realistic scenario.
Full port (or full bore) ball valves cause no problems because the inside diameter of the ball opening is the same as that of the pipe.
Some have tungsten studs or abrasive wire mesh on the outside to cut rust, scale, or paraffin wax deposits off the inside of the pipe.
During the pigging run the pig is unable to directly communicate with the outside world due to the distance underground or underwater and/or the materials that the pipe is made of.
In other words, the combined data reveals to the operator the location, type and size of each pipe defect.
The organ restoration is overseen by the Historic Organ Restoration Committee, a 501(c)3 nonprofit chartered by the state of New Jersey for the restoration and preservation of the two pipe organs of Historic Boardwalk Hall.
In another 18th century painting by Dutch portrait painter Arnold Boonen shows three children from the van der Elst family using a clay tobacco pipe to blow soap bubbles.
The Chapel contains a 1961 M. P. Moller Pipe Organ donated by the Richard King Mellon family.
Flemish pipe organ builders
Moller Pipe Organ Company in Greencastle, Pennsylvania, in 1875.
Möller thought that anybody who wanted a pipe organ should be able to get one.
Dozens of churches lost their down-payments and never received their new pipe organs.
This V allows the base to be attached to a round bar such as the column of a drill press or a pipe.
Keith Emerson – Hammond organ, piano, clavinet, pipe organ, Moog modular synthesizer
This can be many things, rail, pipe wall, or slope/implied slope.
In mid-1968, Huffman released the Flaming Stack chain guard, which was designed to look like the distinctive side exhaust pipe covers on the Corvette sports car.
The specification of the organ is listed at the National Pipe Organ Register.
Other notable activities HTB undertakes are services twice a year involving the large HTB choir – at Easter and Christmas – and several free classical concerts that utilise the church's pipe organ that was refurbished in 2004 as well as drawing on the talent of the nearby music colleges.
The incident was initially suspected to be caused by faulty brakes but was later found to be caused by misunderstanding and incorrect use of the locomotive's brake pipe isolation valve by railway staff.
 PLUTO – (a) Pipe Line Under The Ocean
  is the pipe diameter
Water is pumped from the pumping station, located just outside the west dam, through a  long,  diameter pipe and into the lake via the I/O tower.
He recalls being offered a crack pipe by two of Anderson's friends.
Outside a construction crew accidentally break a pipe and water rains down on the two just as the movie ends.
 John Blow, English pipe organist at Westminster Abbey
As a means of recovering heat from the cooling loop of a power plant to increase either the level of flue gas heat recovery (as the district heating plant return pipe is now cooled by the heat pump) or by cooling the closed steam loop and artificially lowering the condensing pressure and thereby increasing the electricity generation efficiency.
On July 18, 2007, one person was killed and numerous others injured when a steam pipe exploded on 41st Street at Lexington.
A small CAFO will also be designated a CAFO for purposes of the Clean Water Act if it discharges pollutants into waterways of the United States through a man-made conveyance such as a road, ditch or pipe.
The bath closed only once in its almost century-long existence due to a burst pipe.
17 pipe organs are available on campus, including a 57-rank Schantz organ in the Chapel of the Christ and a 42-rank Casavant organ in the Wittenberg Collegiate Center.
Its choir holds a pipe organ from Zaragoza, Spain, installed in 1898 shortly before the revolution against Spain broke out in Negros Oriental.
The butterfly valve is simply a circular disc fitted on a spindle, fitting inside the pipe work.
On a two-stroke engine, an expansion chamber or tuned pipe is a tuned exhaust system used to enhance its power output by improving its volumetric efficiency.
Once the gas flow stops, the wave continues, passing the energy to the next gas down stream and so on to the end of the pipe.
By keeping the header pipe diameter near constant, the energy in the wave is preserved because there is no expansion needed until later in the cycle.
Waves traveling back up the pipe encounter the divergent section in reverse and reflect a portion of their energy back out.
The gas flows and stops intermittently and the wave continues on to the end of the pipe.
This causes a high temperature zone in the head pipe which is always filled with the most recent and hottest gas.
It is only the wave energy itself that traverses the whole pipe during a single cycle.
Following the sale of his furnace business, Dave Lennox continued to manage the Lennox Machine Company in Marshalltown, employing more than 100 people locally in the manufacture of portable gasoline engines, boilermakers' tools, wagon scales and pressured pipe taps.
The pipe ceremony in the Indigenous community is something of sacred significance.
The smoking of the pipe was conducted at the negotiations of Treaty 6 to symbolize that this treaty would be honoured forever by both the Indigenous peoples and the Crown.
The Charles Morkel rugby stadium is home to the Helderberg Rugby Club The Pipe is a part of the beach marked off for surfers and is known for its big, "surfable" waves.
In Gaelic,  literally refers to any pipe music, not merely  (literally: 'big music').
In some cases the name and subject matter of pibroch tunes appears to have been reassigned by-19th century editors such as Angus MacKay, whose book A Collection of Ancient Piobaireachd or Highland Pipe Music (1838) included historically fanciful and romantic pibroch source stories by antiquarian James Logan.
Angus MacKay's book A Collection of Ancient Piobaireachd or Highland Pipe Music, published in 1838, documented and presented the pibroch repertoire in staff notation with supplementary commentary by antiquarian James Logan.
A trick commonly used on boats with water ballast is to link port and starboard tanks with a valved pipe.
Native Americans used the dried leaves of lead plant for pipe smoking and tea.
Although a drain, known as a soil pipe, would carry the dirty water outside of the house, the floors were likely to stay wet.
Care must be taken that the waste pipe has no direct communication with a closed drain otherwise foul air is certain to find its way into the hospital."
Also, the gases from most types of machines are very hot; the pipe must be heat-resistant, and it must not pass through or near anything that can burn or can be damaged by heat.
In many trucks / lorries all or most of the exhaust system is visible, often with a vertical exhaust pipe.
In a two-stroke engine, such as that used on dirt bikes, a bulge in the exhaust pipe known as an expansion chamber uses the pressure of the exhaust to create a pump that squeezes more air and fuel into the cylinder during the intake stroke.
Feeding water into the exhaust pipe cools the exhaust gas and thus lessens the back-pressure at the engine's cylinders.
In a set of tuned headers the pipe lengths are carefully calculated to enhance exhaust flow in a particular engine revolutions per minute range.
Resonators are sections of pipe that expand to a larger diameter and allow the sound waves to reflect off the walls and cancel out, therefore reducing the noise level.
It is often of larger pipe than the rest of the exhaust system.
Backpressure is most commonly reduced by replacing exhaust manifolds with headers, which have smoother bends and normally wider pipe diameters.
The winds tore a hole in the roof, allowing water to enter the building and severely damage the Holtkamp pipe organ.
Upon investigation, Darry hears noises coming from within the pipe and crawls inside with Trish holding on to his feet, but ends up falling in.
A conical pipe, such as the saxophone, has as its first overtone the octave.)
Knatterton always dresses in a Sherlock Holmes-style green plaid overcoat and cap, and smokes a pipe.
These circular cuts are made because it is not expected to block whole cross section of the exhaust pipe.
When the brakes are released by the driver, the cylinder generates pressure so that the butterfly valve is opened and allows the exhaust gases to flow into the exhaust pipe.
Additionally, the original Moller pipe organ was replaced with a new one, designed and manufactured by W. Zimmer and Sons of Fort Mill, and installed in the balcony.
Line 9 was suspended after damage from the August 2015 explosions, and resumed operation on 16 December from Tianjin Railway Station to Tianjin Pipe Corporation Station.
In October that same year, a new pipe organ was inaugurated in Jørlunde church.
St James' has a choir, a fine three-manual pipe organ and a peal of bells hung for change ringing.
Some hold that everyone should be free to light up the pipe - but only if they want to.
Musicians and philosophers discussed Cage's instruction to play "as slow as possible" at a conference in 1997, because a properly maintained pipe organ could sound indefinitely.
A flue pipe has two major parts, a foot and a resonator.
The resonator supports the oscillations of air generated at the mouth of the pipe, a horizontal opening at the juncture of the resonator with the foot.
The conical taper of the pipe determines the overblown pitch.
Between the foot and the resonator, the side of the pipe containing the mouth is flat.
The end of the pipe opposite the mouth may be either open or closed (also known as Gedackt or stopped).
They are medium-scaled and are often prominently featured in the façades of pipe organs, often painted and decorated.
They can go up to the "Quadragesima Terza" (43rd), a pipe of ′ pitch.
The diameter of a flue pipe directly affects its tone.
On 5 February 1995, four Romani were killed in Oberwart with a pipe bomb improvised explosive device which was attached to a sign that read "Roma zurück nach Indien" ("Romani back to India").
In 1947, they moved once again, to Waukegan, Illinois where he found temporary employment as a pipe and sheet metal worker.
In the Eriboll section this thrust carries Lewisian gneiss over the Pipe Rock.
And I walk in the clubhouse and I—I got my pipe with me .
Tanks installed on the upper floor provided a head of water for Bentham's aforementioned dockyard-wide pipe network, providing both salt water for firefighting and fresh water for various uses (including, for the first time, provision of drinking water to ships on the wharves) sourced from a newly sunk 274 ft well.
The same year, GTC established one of the first cold storage and meat processing plants in the Kingdom, and the Group played a leading role with other Saudi and foreign investors to establish a large factory for manufacturing plastic pipe and fittings.
Driven by his passion and love for pipe organs, he was able to render minor repairs but much work was still required.
This remote console also controls an electronic pipe organ, whose speakers were installed in the south Transept in early-2020.
In 1955 a great pipe organ from the world-renowned Casavant Frères firm of St-Hyacinthe, Québec was installed as a memorial to the parishioners who died in World War I and World War II.
Sometime after midnight, July 27, 1996, Eric Robert Rudolph, a terrorist who would later bomb a lesbian nightclub and two abortion clinics, planted a green backpack containing a fragmentation-laden pipe bomb under a bench.
It replaces the OEM air intake with a short metal pipe and a conical air filter inside the engine bay.
Setting Worcestershire 167 to win, Essex got two wickets before the close of play on day three, removing opener Stephen Peters for 0 and nightwatchman and wicketkeeper Jamie Pipe for 11, caught off Darren Gough and Dale Steyn respectively.
During the eight months he spent bedridden after the accident, he saw an architect coming and going from a nearby construction site, "with a blueprint under his arm and a pipe in his mouth."
Intake refers to an opening, or area, together with its defining edge profile which has an associated entry loss, that captures pipe flow from a reservoir or storage tank.
A charter from 1160 and a pipe roll entry for 1163 record it as Caingeham.
Funding failed to materialize for the elaborate pipe organ system as promised, but the chandeliers have been re-lamped.
In 1999 a substantial new pipe organ was built by Orgues Létourneau Ltée of Montreal, Québec.
Unlike closed-box loudspeakers, which are nearly airtight, a bass reflex system has an opening called a port or vent cut into the cabinet, generally consisting of a pipe or duct (typically circular or rectangular cross section).
It is the refrigerant used in plumbing pipe freeze kits.
The preserved Cretaceous (Turonian ~94-90 million years old) lake sediments overlying the pipe are an important locality for fossil insects.
 Iolan or The Pipe of Desire, Op.
It is not uncommon for locals to offer the pipe to a foreigner in hopes of seeing the powerful effect the tobacco has on the uninitiated.
It may also occasionally be smoked in a more uncommon pipe known as a điếu ống.
The smoker then sharply inhales, usually tilting the pipe upwards to an almost horizontal position (but not completely, as the water would drain into the mouth).
However, after consuming water from an opium pipe given to him by a whimsical old man, Dragon becomes energized and defeats Kam.
This process includes both the closing and removal of a UST system (the tank and any ancillaries connected to it) as a whole and the replacing of individual tanks or lengths of pipe.
Typically the seated figure is a heavy-set, jovial man holding a mug of beer in one hand and a pipe of tobacco in the other and wearing 18th century attire: a long coat and a tricorn hat.
A common aftermarket modification by those who intend to drive their MGFs spiritedly is to install an Inline thermostat in the outlet pipe from the head to the radiator.
After Shaw earned his Bachelor of Arts in business administration from Michigan State University, he worked for a while at his father's pipe coating company, Shawcor.
The main body of the church was , capable of seating 300 people, with a proscenium and recess for a pipe organ and two vestries, each .
At the 2006 Australian Pipe band Championships, the Drum Corps won the Juvenile Drum Corp title, and the band as a whole earned a respectable third place.
 List of pipe bands
The mine is located on a kimberlite pipe.
The latticework which surrounds the observation deck is reportedly built in part from standard white PVC pipe (with the original specification markings still somewhat visible) and is meant as a semi-literal representation of the crown of thorns worn by Jesus on the cross, with red coloring for the blood Christ shed in death.
Only two Worcestershire players, Zander de Bruyn (81) and Jamie Pipe (23) reached double figures.
Setting Worcestershire a paltry 167 to win, Essex got off to a good start bowling, removing opener Stephen Peters for 0 and nightwatchman and wicketkeeper Jamie Pipe for 11 just before stumps, as Darren Gough and Dale Steyn took a wicket each for Essex.
The score would have been a lot smaller if it weren't for Jamie Pipe, who came in with the score on 300 for 8 and put on 80, sharing a 173-run stand with Moore – eight short of the county ninth-wicket record from 1907.
Pipe Layin' Dan (1973)
The falling component ruptured a water pipe, causing water infiltration into the plant's switchgear, which knocked out power to all of Unit One and one train of Unit Two's electrical system, which was online at the time.
A second leak was discovered in August 2009, from a pipe leading into an electrical turbine building.
At 146 hectare in area at surface level, it ranks as the largest economically exploitable diamond-bearing volcanic pipe in the world.
Each pipe is tuned to a specific note of the musical scale.
In addition, high amounts of tin give a gleaming and long-lasting polish, which may be desired if the pipe is clearly visible.
The image at left shows the Wilhelmy American Flag Glass Pipe Organ that was created as a part of a Memorial Proposal for Ground Zero after the events of September 11, 2001.
The internal shape of the pipe is a major factor in tone color.
This type of pipe stands vertically and has a 90-degree bend at the top which acts to project the sound outward in the same way an en chamade does, but can be placed in the interior of an organ.
For a reed pipe it is determined mainly by the mechanical properties of the reed and the length of the protruding part.
the key for middle C causes a middle C pipe to speak), like a piano.
The pitch of a reed pipe is determined primarily by the length of the reed but the volume of air in the resonator supports that frequency.
If the resonator pipe expands outward to conical, the geometry allows the production of both even- and odd-numbered partials, resulting in the fuller tones of Trumpet and Oboe stops.
The symphonic organ is a style of pipe organ that flourished during the first three decades of the 20th century in town halls and other secular public venues, particularly in the United States and the United Kingdom.
This may be accomplished by replacing the (often plastic) barrel of the flare gun with a metal pipe strong enough to chamber a shotgun shell, or by inserting a smaller bore barrel into the existing barrel (such as with a caliber conversion sleeve) to chamber a firearm cartridge, such as a .22 Long Rifle.
His father, also named Henry Erben (1800–1884), was a prominent builder of pipe organs.
Tracker pipe organs and some electronic organs are displacement-sensitive—partly depressing a key produces a quieter tone.
 Male Iron Pipe Thread, see Gender of connectors and fasteners
In 2003, the 19th-Generation Keeper of the Sacred White Buffalo Calf Pipe of the Lakota asked non-Indigenous people to stop attending the Sun Dance (Wi-wayang-wa-c'i-pi in Lakota); he stated that all can pray in support, but that only Indigenous people should approach the altars.
Foxley-Norris, a pipe and cigar smoker, said that he was concerned about the increasing interference by 'the Government and other do-gooding bodies' in people's lives, and that he was surprised that the industry had not put up any co-ordinated response to anti-smoking measures.
No casualties were reported, and operations were moved to a nearby location; amazingly enough, the station's large pipe organ, a familiar sound on the station, was not damaged in the blaze.
The next four nights involve a coat (actually a blanket according to the wife, upon which he notices buttons), a pipe (a tin whistle, filled with tobacco), two boots (flower pots, with laces), and finally, this being the last verse often sung, a head peering out from beneath the covers.
In 1940, he discovered the diamond-bearing kimberlite pipe at Mwadui that he would develop over the coming years into the Williamson diamond mine.
The corporation produces many products including tractors and other agricultural machinery, construction equipment, engines, vending machines, pipe, valves, cast metal, pumps, and equipment for water purification, sewage treatment and air conditioning.
His trademark white uniform and battered cowboy hat, together with a cigar or corncob pipe, were a familiar sight in the pits of almost every NASCAR or Indianapolis 500 race for over twenty years.
Despite its flammability, R152a also presents operating pressures and volumetric cooling capacity (VCC) similar to R134a so it can be used in large chillers or in more particular applications like heat pipe finned heat exchangers.
Australian pipe organ builders
Robin Williamson – vocals, guitar, gimbri, penny whistle, percussion, pan pipe, piano, oud, mandolin, jaw harp, chahanai, water harp, harmonica
The Doctor and Susan climb up a drain pipe to find them.
The security system then registers the Doctor and Jo's presence in the pipe.
This fails to trap the maggots in the mine, as they begin to emerge; first, attempting to escape up the Global Chemicals waste disposal pipe, then burrowing through the slagheap near the mine.
The Barton Opus 245 theatre pipe organ was built for the Michigan Theater and installed in November, 1927, shortly before the theater was opened on January 5th, 1928.
"Once Upon a Theatre" - Pipe Dreams audio program featuring the Michigan's Barton organ
Joseph Todaro Sr., "Lead Pipe Joe" (1923–2012)
Using acquisitions to fuel its growth geographically and expand its product breadth, in 2004 Hughes Supply acquired Las Vegas-based Standard Wholesale (plumbing and electrical supplies), Todd Pipe & Supply (one of the largest independent plumbing supply wholesalers in the Las Vegas and southern California markets) and Southwest Power/Western States Electric (utilities).
 The Blank Fight (with Rymodee of This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb) (Pensacola, FL; 1999–2000)
Sarah and the Doctor cannot get out through the plant life covering the house, but the Doctor rigs a steam pipe and they blast their way out.
In general, caliche deposition is a slow process, requiring several thousand years, but if enough moisture is present in an otherwise arid site, it can accumulate fast enough to block a drain pipe.
Ornamental ponds in the lower garden were laid out using Farm Cove creek, water supply for upper gardens was aided by water pipe installed from Macquarie Street.
Then the Pipe People destroy the Kandyman in a flow of his own fondant surprise (previously used to execute dissidents).
With the installation of a pipe organ, the church was complete.
The church also had Canada’s largest pipe organ installed in 1930 following the fire which destroyed the previous organ.
BJ Hickman, an intervention expert who appeared in two episodes, noticed Goldstein "had a moment" holding the crack pipe, and later felt the need to call his sponsor.
Dennis is a talented pipe organist.
The place-name 'Bagshot' is first attested in the Pipe Rolls of 1165, where it appears as Bagsheta.
At its simplest, a balancing lake can be constructed by creating a dam across a drain or stream at a convenient valley, with a restricted diameter outlet pipe through the dam.
The group's pipe band always plays "The Cock of the North 6/8 March" when returning to their hall following parades and every member wears a badge bearing the stag's head that forms part of the clan crest.
Its purpose is to maintain a reservoir of molten metal, which drains down to fill the pipe as the casting cools.
Aerophone: Wind instruments, whose sound come from air vibrating inside a pipe when is blown – Adil, Singga, Sanai, Kal, Bolbijak, Illep or Illip, Olongna, Tarabeng, Imbanggi, Akok or Dakok, Bangsi rori, Tilara or Taragaku, Bangsi mande, Otekra, Wa·pepe or Wa·pek.
The Moroccan instrument has six holes in each pipe.
According to local legend, the old Victorian bridge over the railway line on Coal Park Lane is haunted by the ghost of Polly Crook whose love of distilled apple cider and clay pipe caused her to accidentally ignite herself on this spot.
In a pipe event, It is called landing fakie.
An orifice plate is a thin plate with a hole in it, which is usually placed in a pipe.
Plates are commonly made with sharp-edged circular orifices and installed concentric with the pipe and with pressure tappings at one of three standard pairs of distances upstream and downstream of the plate; these types are covered by ISO 5167 and other major standards.
To achieve this, the pipe must be acceptably circular, smooth and straight for stipulated distances.
This is achieved by a long upstream length (20 to 40 pipe diameters, depending on Reynolds number) or the use of a flow conditioner.
The calculation takes account of the fluid and fluid conditions, the pipe size, the orifice size and the measured differential pressure; it also takes account of the coefficient of discharge of the orifice plate, which depends upon the orifice type and the positions of the pressure tappings.
In hard coax cable, used for high power transmitting applications like television transmitters, the shield is a rigid or flexible metal pipe containing a compressed gas such as nitrogen, and the internal conductor is held centered with periodic plastic spacers.
The RF signal travels through the pipe similarly to the way sound travels in a tube.
In the twentieth century, pipe smoking was adopted as a preferred method of inhaling a variety of psychoactive drugs, and some claim it is a more intense method of ingestion.
When not applied to a cigarette or joint, the liquid form of PCP is typically smoked in a pipe with tobacco or cannabis.
The size of a pipe, particularly the bowl, depends largely on what is intended to be smoked in it.
The overall health risks are 10% higher in pipe smokers than in non-smokers.
In addition, there is a causal relationship between pipe smoking and mortality due to lung and other cancers, as well as periodontal problems, such as tooth and bone loss.
He wrote an aria about his fondness for pipe smoking: So oft ich meine Tobackspfeife BWV 515a
Che Guevara (1928-1967), Argentinian revolutionary, who was known to enjoy a pipe from time to time, in addition to his usual cigar.
His most famous character, Jules Maigret, is also a pipe smoker.
Tolkien himself was an avid pipe smoker.
Frosty the Snowman, A fictional Christmas character, featured in both songs and cartoon films of the same name, that is always depicted and described as "With a corncob pipe and a button nose, and two eyes made out of coal".
He is explicitly described as a pipe smoker.
She is a bossy woman who always smokes a pipe.
Is described thus (1839): "The stub of a pipe he held clenched in his teeth."
More examples can be found in the Pipe Smoker of the Year list.
In 1968 a tax office in Cardiff was blown up, followed the same year by the Welsh Office building in the same city, then another water pipe at Helsby, Cheshire.
 The Pipe Line Cases''', 204 Fed 798 (1913)
In typical experiments, students measure the slower time of fall of the magnet through a copper tube compared with a cardboard tube, and may use an oscilloscope to observe the pulse of eddy current induced in a loop of wire wound around the pipe when the magnet falls through.
 Tracker action gives the organist more precise control over the exact moment air enters the pipe.
It is also popularly known as the Organ Symphony, even though it is not a true symphony for organ, but simply an orchestral symphony where two sections out of four use the pipe organ.
One of its most outstanding and original features is Saint-Saëns' ingenious use of keyboard instruments—piano, scored for both two and four hands at various places, and the pipe organ (Saint-Saëns was famous as an organist in 19th-century Paris).
Worried for the safety of the Lord of Oedo and his daughter, Goemon and Ebisumaru retrieve a chain pipe from Mt.
Jurors heard testimony that a technician from the heater manufacturer had made adjustments several days before Gerulaitis' death and that even if an exhaust pipe had been longer, carbon monoxide (colorless and odorless) would have still been drawn into the air-conditioning vent because it is denser than air at low temperatures.
Lesser long-nosed bats feed mainly on nectar from night-blooming plants such as saguaro, organ pipe cactus, as well as century plant and other agaves.
 Red-tailed pipe snake Cylindrophis ruffus
The next Saturday, as a hailstorm begins, Jim follows a dog into a drain pipe around a wharf's barge-loading area for shelter.
The same hailstorm which sends Jim into the pipe on the wharf for shelter catches John, and he climbs into the car for shelter.
A drum major or field commander is the leader of a marching band, drum and bugle corps, or pipe band, usually positioned at the head of the band or corps.
Civilian brass bands and pipe bands generally use a mace for giving signals and commands while marching.
Moreover, the housing company failed to react to the pipe incident properly: the water from the system wasn't immediately dumped to prevent further freezing.
Some pipe majors also compete in solo competitions.
A pipe major may subsequently be promoted to staff sergeant/colour sergeant, warrant officer class 2, and rarely warrant officer class 1.
Pipe majors are appointed by the commanding officer of a unit or formation.
Since the wooden or metal form that supported the casting of the concrete was elevated, the forms were supported on falsework, in this case using vertical pipe sections, steel beams, and diagonal cables.
Disaster: A rider jumps and purposely lands the back tire and sprocket on a ledge or ramp, usually done on a quarter pipe from a 180.
They were especially popular in small churches and chapels where a pipe organ would be too large or expensive; in the funeral-in-absentia scene from Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, the protagonist narrates that the church procured a "melodeum" (a conflation, likely intended by Twain for satirical effect, of the names "melodeon" and "harmonium") for the occasion.
The Hammond organ could imitate the tonal quality and range of a pipe organ whilst retaining the compact dimensions and cost-effectiveness of the harmonium as well as reducing maintenance needs and allowing a greater number of stops and other features.
The AFA was the dominating league for both professional and amateur flatland and quarter pipe events.
Googly eyes are used for a variety of arts and crafts projects including pipe cleaner farm animals, silly sock puppets, mischievous pranks, and other creations.
 Robert Bryce – journalist, commentator and author (books include Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron)
The agents survive a crash where their black Hummer hits a construction pipe.
The British Army now use the Trojan, based on the Challenger 2 tank, to carry and deploy pipe fascines.
Experts suggest that homeowners inspect and replace worn pipe fittings and hose connections to all household appliances that use water at least once a year.
, Udachnaya pipe is controlled by Russian diamond company Alrosa, which planned to halt open-pit mining in favor of underground mining in 2010.
The Court endorsed the rule of reason enunciated by William Howard Taft in Addyston Pipe and Steel Company v. United States (1899), written when the latter had been Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
For relatively short pipe systems, with a relatively large number of bends and fittings, minor losses can easily exceed major losses.
 Minor losses in pipe flow
However, Steiner got disqualified after the Magnificent Seven interfered and attacked Nash with a lead pipe.
On the next episode of Thunder, Flair booked Dustin against both Scott and Jarrett, where Steiner won with his lead pipe only for Booker to make the save.
This system of dynamic control is completely distinct from the act of adding stops (in the case of pipe organs) or pulling more drawbars (in the case of organs and synthesizers).
Unlike a pipe organ with a blower, the wind pressure of the reed organ can be directly controlled by varying the speed the bellows are operated with the feet, providing a means of producing softer or harsher tones.
Riser-less drilling uses seawater as its primary drilling fluid, which is pumped down through the drill pipe.
Fabrication: Metalworkers fabricate a falsework section from pipe and beams.
A larger intake crossover pipe, free-flowing exhaust, a unique intake camshaft, minor changes to the cylinder head, and modifications to the HFM fuel computer also contribute to the increase in power.
The Director is assisted by a Chief Instructor, who is the Senior Pipe Major of the British Army.
One example is at Quitobaquito Springs in the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Arizona.
In operation, electrons and positrons from the accelerator went through a pipe going through the center of the cylinder, and collided in the middle of the detector.
When he was 19, he was nearly arrested for setting off a homemade pipe bomb near his parents' home in Seaside, California.
It opened September 7, 1929, with a program that included the film Evangeline, a live stage show, orchestra and solo pipe organ.
In 1998, the lavish console was rebuilt for use with a comparable pipe organ in a private home in Wheaton, Illinois.
Shotgun starters are composed of a breech, into which the cartridge is inserted, which is connected to the motor by a short steel pipe, which acts like a gun barrel.
A similar set of records was developed for Normandy, which was ruled by the English kings from 1066 to 1205, but the Norman Pipe rolls have not survived in a continuous series like the English.
They were occasionally referred to as the roll of the treasury, or the great roll of accounts, and the great roll of the pipe.
Some of the payments that did not regularly fall under the Exchequer were occasionally recorded in a Pipe roll.
The earliest surviving Pipe roll, already in a mature form, dates from 1129–30, and the continuous series begins in 1155–56, and continued for almost seven hundred years.
The Dialogus de Scaccario or Dialogue concerning the Exchequer, written in about 1178, details the workings of the Exchequer and gives an early account of how the Pipe rolls were created.
The Dialogue also states that the Pipe rolls, along with Domesday Book and other records, were kept in the treasury, because they were required for daily use by the Exchequer clerks.
The only surviving roll from Henry I's reign also records payments of geld, a form of land tax dating from Anglo-Saxon times, although after 1161 the Pipe rolls no longer record any payments of geld.
Scutage payments, made by knights in lieu of military service, were also recorded in the Pipe rolls from the reign of Henry II on.
However, royal income from taxation that was not annually assessed was not usually recorded in the Pipe rolls, nor were his receipts from lands outside England.
Expenditures were also subject to documentation in the Pipe rolls.
The clerks writing the rolls also used them as places to deride officials of the government, such as William Longchamp, who was the object of derision in the 1194 Pipe roll.
The county of Cornwall also did not usually appear in the Pipe rolls, but it was not a palatinate.
However, the Pipe rolls often record payments made past Michaelmas, often up until the date the roll was actually compiled.
Although the earliest Pipe roll dates from 1130, the 31st year of King Henry I's reign, it is clear that they were being produced by the Exchequer before then, as the 1130 roll is not an experiment.
Exactly when the Pipe rolls began to be produced is debated amongst historians.
Continuously from the early years of King Henry II's reign, most Pipe rolls survive, with only a break in the last years of King John's reign (reigned 1199–1216).
This figure is dwarfed by the amount recorded on the Pipe roll that was actually owed to the king, which totals £68,850.
By the end of Henry II's reign, royal income recorded in the Pipe rolls had risen to £20,000.
Eventually, after some experimentation, by 1206 a system was settled on whereby the actual detailed receipts were recorded in a set of receipt rolls and only aggregates were entered in the Pipe rolls.
In 1284 the Statutes of Rhuddlan were issued, which further reformed the accounting systems, and further reduced the detail contained on the Pipe rolls.
Yet more extraneous details were removed from the Pipe rolls under the Cowick Ordinance of June 1323, along with further ordinances in 1324 and 1326, all of which were done during the time that Walter de Stapledon held the office of Treasurer.
Then, the various sheets from all the shires were piled together and affixed together at the top, and the resulting document would be rolled into a tight roll resembling a pipe.
This was created at the same time as the regular Pipe roll, and was written by a clerk of the Chancellor.
The earliest surviving non-royal Pipe rolls are those of the Bishop of Winchester, which are extant from 1208, and form a continuous series from that date.
The household rolls, which closely resemble the Pipe rolls, for Eleanor of England, wife of Simon de Montfort, survive for part of the year 1265.
The Pipe rolls have also been used to identify royal officials, especially those that were involved in local government and were not high ranking.
The lone surviving Pipe roll from Henry I's reign, that of 1130, has been a popular subject of study.
The Pipe rolls from the 13th century onwards are less important for historical study because there are other surviving financial records.
Other surviving records were kept by the sheriffs for their own use in submitting accounts to the Pipe rolls.
The earliest Pipe rolls were published by the Record Commission in 1833 (the isolated roll of 1130) and the Public Record Office in 1844 (the rolls for 1155–58).
 The Anglo-American Legal Tradition hosts a large portion of the original Pipe rolls (1224 through 1642), see the E372 series under the various Monarchs.
It was also believed that the difference in frequency between the front and rear cylinder exhaust beats would result in a more even pressure in the receiver pipe and therefore improved steam flow.
THORP Fractured Pipe – Board of Inquiry Report, BNFL, 26 May 2005
The house was demolished in 1993 to allow BHP to establish a pipe mill.
As with any of the older melodies, variations have been composed and some published with the most distinctive settings appearing in Pipe Major William Ross' 1885 book containing eight parts to 'Highland Laddie'.
Founded in 1997, WCG have 2 data centres in Brisbane, one at Wickham Street, Fortitude Valley, and another in Spring Hill at a PIPE Networks facility.
The interior was last renovated in 1932 and a new pipe organ was installed in 2000.
Later that night, DDP defeated Kanyon in a rematch before escaping through the crowd when Steiner attempted to attack him with a lead pipe.
While pipe banners are not revered in the military as regimental or King's or Queen's colours, they are, however, considered to be important due to their historical values and their associations with authoritative establishments.
Paint, plywood, pipe and tube, and ancillary parts.
It retired with a broken steering arm and a split oil pipe.
As well as the matters of weekly administration, there was an endless round of ceremonial functions and Chisholm took (and maintained) a particular interest in the Pipe Band.
In another scene, Adrienne crawls along a water pipe that breaks.
The Pipe Rolls afford illustrations of the practice.
During one of Ya'qub's numerous battles, his face was disfigured to where he could only eat through a pipe in his mouth for twenty days.
In Bash, the right side of the pipe
William Donaldson, in The Highland Pipe and Scottish Society 1750-1950 states:
A few hours later, Homer obtains a pipe organ, which Ned believes is from the local church, and places it in Ned's backyard for a welcome-home party, which several Springfield residents attend.
One exception to this is the United States Coast Guard Pipe Band, which is drawn from the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary.
The USAF Pipe Band was deactivated nine years later, in 1970.
The VMI Pipe Band, established in 1997 at the Virginia Military Institute, wears modified highland dress consisting of standard VMI cadet uniforms with kilts patterned in the VMI tartan in lieu of trousers.
In the second half of the sixties, the renewed version of the 50 Gransport, equipped with a striking double bilateral exhaust pipe, was joined by the 50 Roncobilaccio model, one of the first Italian off-road mopeds.
 Johnny Logan feature article by Sports Editor Cyril Cheriyan from the Binghamton University student newspaper, Pipe Dream : BU's first major leaguer
I wound up broken down, drinking Kamchatka Vodka out of a half-pint stashed in the bottom of my purse, with my crack pipe stuffed in the lining of my jacket".
The vertical valve was closed first, and then the valve to the horizontal pipe.
It's also the home of the 1927 Robert-Morton Theatre Pipe Organ that originally was in the Midland Theatre.
Aulostomus maculatus, the trumpetfish which is also known as the West Atlantic trumpetfish, is a long-bodied fish with an upturned mouth; it often swims vertically while trying to blend with vertical coral, such as sea rods, sea pens, and pipe sponges.
 Organ pipe mud dauber (Trypoxylon politum)
The blast was caused by a cellphone-triggered pipe bomb.
The new law requires grade 1 and 2 leaks to be repaired if the street above a gas pipe is dug up, and requires priority be given to leaks near schools.
Tests run on the emergency core-cooling systems to deal with pipe breaks, performed on the Atomic Energy Commission's test models in Idaho in 1971, repeatedly failed; often the water was forced out of the core under pressure.
Michele lights his pipe and Luigi, seeing it from afar, thinks that it is Giorgetta's signal.
A finger type slug catcher consists of several long pieces of pipe ('fingers'), which together form the buffer volume.
The plug flow model assumes there is no boundary layer adjacent to the inner wall of the pipe.
In laminar pipe flow, the velocity profile is parabolic.
is the relative roughness of the pipe.
It is a metal box with a rectangular or cylindrical shape that resonates with microwaves (like an organ pipe with sound waves).
Due to the efficiency of the scheme another penstock pipe was added in 1919.
Drawing largely from a successful American Cast Iron Pipe Company Industrial League team, the Black Barons were organized in 1920 for the inaugural season of Rube Foster's Negro Southern League, which operated mainly as a minor league.
Each caisson sits on a  diameter ram, the shafts for which are sunk into the ground, are filled with water, and are connected with a pipe that has a crossover control valve.
Since the upper caisson weighs more than the lower caisson (1,844 vs 1,700 tons), it pushes down on its ram, forcing out water from its shaft via the connecting pipe into the shaft of the bottom caisson.
For the murders of his final three victims, Christie modified the gassing technique he had first used on Eady; he used a rubber tube connected to the gas pipe in the kitchen which he kept closed off with a bulldog clip.
In 1875, he commissioned the Stations of the Cross from Herbert & Co. of Liverpool and installed the Great 33-stop pipe organ by William Telford.
In 1956 HNG acquired the Houston Pipe Line Company and its assets for $36 million.
However, Homer recalls that there was no water in the quarry because something was blocking the inlet pipe.
Victor Marenkov as Patsak, wearing a coil pipe for a mask and working as watchman
Welding manipulators are commonly used in pipe and vessel fabrication but can be used in a cladding procedure with the aid of a proper welding fixture.
In the centre of this structure there is a concrete vertical pipe structure with a diameter of 4.2 metres, in which, among other things, the lift-shaft is hidden.
The team positions a pipe vertically in the lake with its upper end above the water surface.
Only a small amount of water must be mechanically pumped initially through the pipe to start the flow.
The degassifying water acts like a pump, drawing more water into the bottom of the pipe, and creating a self-sustaining flow.
Each pipe has a limited pumping capacity and several would be required for both Lake Monoun and Lake Nyos to degas a significant fraction of the deep lake water and render the lakes safe.
In Super Street Fighter IV, he also uses a pipe and wrench during certain attacks.
Moller 86-rank pipe organ, built in 1931, was removed just prior to the building's demolition and placed in Pennsylvania Hall in temporary storage.
McCoy had burst on the scene as a result of his first season riding in Britain and soon attracted the attention of leading trainer Martin Pipe and, then, upcoming Paul Nicholls.
On 19 July 2014, McCoy reached a significant personal milestone by surpassing the total of 4,191 winners which friend and mentor Martin Pipe achieved as a licensed trainer before retirement in 2006.
McCoy has also got strong friendships with other footballers, including former Liverpool duo Steve McManaman and Robbie Fowler, who engaged him and Martin Pipe for Cheltenham.
Piney Ridge featured a large pipe organ, a dance floor on trolley springs, and a baseball field.
The Elizabeth M. Eaton Memorial Pipe Organ, a 50-rank, 3-manual instrument built by master craftsman Charles McManis is situated on the stage of the performing arts center.
The pipe would pump 200 million cubic metres per year.
Some of his subjects tested his linguistic ingenuity to the full, having to encompass a man smoking a pipe, a magic lantern show, a pair of spectacles, a coach too full of people, or a crowd milling about street ballad singers.
Finally, with the second-floor auditorium nearing completion, the memorial association authorized the expenditure of funds for the Moller Organ Co. to begin design and construction of a pipe organ for this space.
He won the Perisher Pipe Cup and took third in the Slopestyle Jam.
Horsham has community bands such as the Horsham City Brass Band and the Horsham Pipe Band with many towns surrounding the city having their own community bands.
"What I remember, most remarkably, is me running with the projector in my hand, burning, trying to get out of the door into the goddamn hallway, and Houseman racing for the door at the same time … while Orson, with absolutely no concern whatsoever, was back inside, standing and looking at some piece of film in his hand, smoking his pipe.
Pablo Picasso, Garçon à la pipe Le jeune Apprenti
The lead pipe, used to supply water, can be seen in the middle of the fountain.
The Spreckels Organ is a pipe organ that was designed by Ernest M. Skinner.
He was appointed recorder of the great roll and clerk of the pipe, a sinecure in the Scottish exchequer which he did not long hold.
Other services including 2780/3780 Bisync support, remote printing, X.25 gateway and SDLC pipe lines were added in the 1978 to 1984 era.
Some designs had an auxiliary chimney at the rear to avoid the need for an exhaust steam pipe running the length of the engine.
It boasts one of the world's largest pipe organs, built in 1952 by the Aeolian-Skinner Company of Boston.
In 1987, the founders of Ben & Jerry's proposed to spend $200,000 to $250,000 a year to maintain, clean, paint the station, install mosaics, and pipe in music into the station.
However, in the medieval pipe rolls, the alternative Stonwal is given alongside the more familiar form.
The song quotes Wagner's "Bridal Chorus" and Mendelssohn's "Wedding March", both played on a pipe organ.
A layer of gravel was laid over the pipe, and a 4-to-6-inch (10 to 15 cm) layer of sand was placed above the gravel.
During their time in Grade 1, the band placed ninth in the qualification round at the 2008 World Pipe Band Championships, and placed 14th in the qualification round of 2009.
PVC pipe manufacturing is one such industry.
Hollowpoint Ninja is captured shortly after pushing Stem Cell into the relative safety of a fuel pipe.
The girls' school was mostly destroyed by bombing in 1940 and had to be rebuilt; on 15 October 1940, 143 people were sheltering in the basement when a parachute mine hit the building, causing a pipe to flood the basement and killing 109 of the occupants.
In 1788 Gustavus Brander gave the priory a pipe organ, which was installed on the quire screen.
The pedal keyboard range on pipe organs also often extends into the sub-bass range; the bottom note of a 16′ stop is typically tuned to 32 Hz (C1), a 32′ stop at 16 Hz (C0).
Moreover, new connections to rural communities will be created; King City is connected to the existing system, whereas Stouffville will connect to the new pipe.
Around 1970 Field Marshal merged with Raffrey Pipe Band to become Freymont, which played in Grade 3, but in 1976 it was decided to reform the band as Field Marshal Montgomery under the leadership of RIcky Newell owing to the balance of players in Freymont.
In 2004, Pipe Major Richard Parkes suffered a stroke, and the band was led by Alastair Dunn until Richard recovered and led the band to win the last three majors of the season.
The Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band became the last band to win the Cowal Championship and thus Argyll Shield whilst it was still accredited RSPBA Major championship status.
The band was one of the first civilian bands in Britain when it formed in 1883 as the Burgh of Govan Police Pipe Band.
Govan was annexed into Glasgow along with Partick in 1912, and the band became the City of Glasgow Police Pipe Band.
Ronald Lawrie succeeded Angus MacDonald as pipe major in 1967, but due to ill health Lawrie was succeeded by Ian MacLellan in 1972.
In 1987, the 78th Fraser Highlanders Pipe Band from Canada became the first band based outside Scotland to win the title, and Simon Fraser University, also from Canada, came second, pushing Strathclyde Police into third place.
In 2009, funding cuts and a restriction on the number of events the band could play at threatened the future of the Strathclyde Police Pipe Band.
In 2013, territorial police forces in Scotland were merged into Police Scotland and the name of the band changed to Greater Glasgow Police Scotland Pipe Band, but the structure of the band was unchanged.
Following McLaren's resignation, Duncan Nicholson, former pipe major, was appointed.
The band has won the World Pipe Band Championships sixteen times.
The band purchased its first uniform with kilts of the McKenzie tartan in 1914, but despite entering many competitions, the band did not attain competitive success until Pipe Major Tom McAllister took the lead role in 1929.
Alex retired in 1982 and Tom in 1984, and were succeeded by leading drummer John Scullion and pipe major James A.
Following the unexpected resignation of Gavin Walker just prior to the 2012 World Championships, Ryan Canning was appointed as the new pipe major of the band.
Emmett Conway took over as pipe major of the band in late 2018.
It is led by pipe major Alan Bevan and leading drummer J. Reid Maxwell.
J. Reid Maxwell joined the band as leading drummer in 1992, having previously been leading drummer of the 78th Fraser Highlanders Pipe Band when it became the first non-Scottish band to win the World Championships in 1987.
On September 29, 2013, Terry Lee stepped down as Pipe Major after leading the band for over 30 years, having appointed Alan Bevan, a two-time solo Gold Medalist, as his successor.
The band has consistently placed in the top three in world competition and has won the Grade One World Pipe Band Championships six times, in 1995, 1996, 1999, 2001, 2008, and 2009.
Since 1994, the SFUPB has led an extensive family of pipe bands which each compete in their own grades.
This concert marked the first time a pipe band has performed a concert at this prestigious venue.
In June 1996, the band released its first live album Alive in America, the first live, in concert recording in the United States of a pipe band.
Pipe Major Sandy Jones of the Air Force band took over in 1970.
In 2007 Dan Lyden was named Pipe Major, and continues the band's tradition of excellent playing on the east coast.
Since then, the band has competed internationally in Grade One, coming in 2nd at the North American Pipe Band Championships in Maxville, Ontario in 2000.
After being downgraded by the RSPBA to Grade 2 in 2010 and competing in North America in Grade 1 in 2011, the band requested a move to Grade 2 for the 2012 season while it redevelops its pipe section.
 Indian pipe (Monotropa uniflora)
The deck can used to store up to 10,000 tonnes of pipe.
They played, amongst other things, a length of gas pipe, a kettle and a fiddle made from a cigar box.
Avs2YUV also supports writing to a named pipe.
This period was the time when such iconic characters were running business like Alfred Jerrold Nathan who was word famous about his pipe mounts which were mainly made from silver and rarely from butterscotch amber 
Sax called this imagined instrument saxophone bourdon (named after a low pitch stop found on many pipe organs).
echo "This is not a pipe."
The traditional "ala das Baianas" was a prerequisite to compete, and the schools, all with more than one hundred members, should present sambas unpublished and not use pipe instruments, among other requirements.
A long-time cigar and pipe smoker, Nolan died of lung cancer on September 27, 1985, at his home in Brentwood, California; he was 83.
Modifications of the chimney and blast pipe improved the maximum rate to  but no other engine was modified to take advantage of this.
In his youth, Noble was introduced to the pipe organ by James Pyne, organist at Bath Abbey, and from 1880 he was tutored in the organ at Gloucester Cathedral.
So the only way to gradually increase or decrease the loudness of a pipe is to enclose it in a swell box, and then to gradually open or close the shutters.
The detectives and Amelia arrive too late and she is scalded to death by an open steam pipe.
Sly performs with The Verve Pipe.
The system originally used a single pipe for water delivery, and did not have any water purification plants, relying instead on the reservoirs to act as settling basins.
the tenants-in-chief) in 1166, informing the king, at his request, of the names of their tenants by knight-service with the number of fees they held, supplemented by the payments for scutage recorded on the pipe rolls, by the later returns printed in the Book of Fees, and by the still later ones collected in Feudal Aids.
Pipe Dreams radio program, "Peter Conte and the Wanamaker Grand Court Organ"
The action was commemorated in verse by William McGonagall, the pipe march The Heights of Dargai by J. Wallace and the fiddle tune Dargai'' by James Scott Skinner.
When the momentum flux in the vapor core of the heat pipe is high, there is a possibility that the shear stress exerted on the liquid in the wick can be large enough to entrain droplets into the vapor flow.
 Blackfoot diatreme, a volcanic pipe in British Columbia, Canada
There, Maurycy studied at a prestigious high school, and continued into law studies at Warsaw University, but was subsequently expelled for striking a policeman who requested him to extinguish his pipe.
 Norman Shelley as Guest - Smoking pipe
He lost 5–0 to Robert Thornton and 5–1 to Andy Hamilton at the Grand Slam of Darts, before a consolation 5–2 victory over Justin Pipe but Walsh was already resigned to finishing bottom of the group.
A new pipe organ by Goulding and Wood was built and installed in 2008.
Pipe Spring National Monument is a United States National Monument located in the U.S. state of Arizona, rich with American Indian, early explorer, and Mormon pioneer history.
Pipe Spring was named by the 1858 Latter-day Saint missionary expedition to the Hopi mesas led by Jacob Hamblin.
Although their way of life was greatly impacted by Mormon settlement, the Paiute Indians continued to live in the area and by 1907 the Kaibab Paiute Indian Reservation was established, surrounding the privately owned Pipe Spring ranch.
Today the Pipe Spring National Monument, Kaibab Band of Paiute Indians Visitor Center, and Museum explain the human history of the area over time.
It was filmed at Pipe Spring.
Western Harbour Crossing (WHC) is the first three-lane road tunnel in Asia to be constructed using submerged pipe, and is the newest of the three Victoria Harbour road tunnels.
The light pipe is attached to the parabolic reflector of the sulfur lamp.
One sulfur lamp with a light pipe can replace dozens of HID lamps.
Knocking out an opponent in danger requires the use of strong hits, Blazin' Moves, and environmental moves such as slamming an opponent into the wall, or achieving a double team move with a crowd member, or using a weapon (like a pipe, a bottle, a wooden bat, a shovel, etc.).
 United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United States and Canada Local 718
This effect (the “end correction”) is caused by the vibrating steam inside the whistle engaging vibration of some steam outside the enclosed pipe, where  there is a transition from plane waves to spherical waves.
Quadrupling the width of an organ pipe aperture at a fixed blowing pressure resulted in somewhat less than a doubling of velocity at the flue exit.
A multi-bell chime whistle installed at the Standard Sanitary Manufacturing Company in 1926 was composed of five separate whistle bells measuring 5 x15, 7 x 21, 8x 24, 10 x 30, and 12 x36 inches, all plumbed to a five-inch steam pipe.
Increasing vent heights, adding vent pipe filters, or providing powered dilution and exhaust can help reduce occurrences.
But Yamaha also produced two race kits for the R7 the first that made  when the other, unused bank of fuel injectors is activated and a pipe and ECU update.
Cochereau was allowed the key to the local church so he could practise piano, however one day he discovered a 2 manual pipe organ by Cavaillé-Coll.
MIDI controllers in this category have keys meant to resemble those of a grand piano, pipe organ, or synthesizer.
Also called smoker's palatal keratosis, this condition may occur in smokers, especially pipe smokers.
Clay Pipe Visitors Centre (archived 2005)
The group had started under the name Pipe, only to discover that another band was using that name.
The pipe organ choir was completely replaced in the period of large-scale reconstruction works in the end of the 19th century.
The entrance is from the west choir of the cathedral and its staircase also allows access to the pipe organ.
The music played at such recitals is typically written for pipe organ, which includes church organs, theatre organs and symphonic organs (also known as concert organs).
Also in California, the Orange County Theater Organ Society hosts frequent theater organ recitals at the Plummer Auditorium in Fullerton, featuring its own original Wurlitzer pipe organ from 1930.
This enabled clearer night-time vision of the boiler steam pressure gauge and the brake pipe vacuum pressure gauge whilst eliminating dazzle, making it easier for the crew to see signals along the track.
John Guest (company), British manufacturer of push-in fittings, pipe and plastic plumbing systems
In the 1950s, Stout-Wyss Irrigation System, a firm based in Portland, Oregon, developed a rolling pipe type irrigation system for farms that has become the most popular type for farmers irrigating large fields.
Bourdon is a stopped pipe, having an airtight stopper fitted into the top.
In 1967, the 1925 Mighty Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ was permanently installed in the Empire Theatre of the Art & Home Center where it has entertained audiences for over 50 years of music history at the fairgrounds.
A total of 50 entertainment events ranging from major rock concerts to theater pipe organ concerts attracted 133,235 people.
Up to four serial ports that can be mapped to a real port, to a pipe or to an output file.
Intake 2 shares the conveyance pipe with intake 1 and diverts water to Coleman Canal.
De Vivie was riding the col de la République (10 km south east of St Etienne) in 1889 when one of his readers overtook him - smoking a pipe.
The earliest known records of multiple musical instruments being played at the same time date from the 13th century, and were the pipe and tabor.
An Elizabethan-era woodcut shows a clown playing the pipe and tabor.
The deception began to unravel when Steven Christensen, a prominent leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and one of Hofmann's customers, was killed by a pipe bomb left at his office in downtown Salt Lake City in October 1985.
Remanufacturing by recoating of parts is also popular in aviation and with geothermal pipe.
Each large pipe penetrating the containment, such as the steam lines, has isolation valves on it, configured as allowed by Appendix A; generally two valves.
While the long-range plan of the cathedral has been to raise funds for a new pipe instrument in the future, the digital organ has proven to be a robust, effective instrument, capable of supporting a wide variety of recital and choral literature.
Because its deepest tones vibrate so slowly (as with the contrabassoon or pedal notes on a pipe organ) it can be difficult for listeners to perceive individual pitches at the bottom of its range; instead of hearing a clearly delineated melody, listeners may instead hear a series of rattling tones with little pitch definition.
The school has an active pipe band.
The church also houses a 1918 Pilcher pipe organ, which was recently restored.
The single-cylinder pump would draw several gallons of water from beneath the boat and send it down a copper pipe to the stern.
This revenue consisted of 60-car pipe trains going west from Antonito.
Spats continue as a distinctive feature of the Scottish dress of Highland pipe bands, whether civilian or military.
The Revolutionary Cells--Animal Liberation Brigade (RCALB) appeared in 2003 and sent pipe bombs to Chiron Corporation and used incendiary devices against other targets.
On the downstroke, the water is discharged, through an outlet valve, into the outlet pipe.
When the Doctor examines the pipe using a sonic screwdriver, he thinks he hears a heartbeat from within.
The seaweed has pumped itself up into the impeller pipe in the impeller room and is soon expanding and throbbing.
The climax provides a barrage of imagery and revelations: a figure attached to a wall behind a translucent screen, a sentry of sorts wielding a mobile, robotic cannon and an organic substance flowing through a pipe found in the house.
Near the end of March 1865, a sewer pipe broke and with the incentive of forty-two barrels of whiskey, prisoners were put to work repairing it.
"Irish as a clay pipe," and well liked by early Seattle's largely Irish working class, as a lawyer Burke was well known for collecting large fees from his wealthy clients and providing free legal services for the poor.
July 27, 1976 – Chester Plummer, scaled the White House fence, armed with a piece of pipe.
The building consists of three levels, the upper containing a custom Quimby pipe organ, one of the largest in the Los Angeles area.
A major upgrade was undertaken in the 1990s to replace old pipe and expand the system.
 George Newhall Clark '04 Memorial Chapel (NRHP), 1908, dedicated on St. George's Day, 1908, consecrated on May 16, 1909, also designed by Ernest Flagg, houses a fine pipe organ built by George S. Hutchings Organ Company of Boston that has been restored and expanded over the years, and three extraordinary stained glass windows from 13th century France (see Historical notes)
Her keel was laid on May 15, 1945 at Western Pipe and Steel Company shipyards in San Pedro, California, she was launched on December 28, 1946, and commissioned on March 20, 1947.
The Chemical Safety Board found that a contractor had accidentally switched a low-alloy steel elbow with carbon steel pipe elbow during maintenance, causing a failure mode known as "high temperature hydrogen attack" (HTHA).
In 2001 the club was taken over by Ginde Plastic Pipe Industry Group, a subsidiary of the Hongyuan Group and changed its name to Shenyang Ginde (沈阳金德).
The municipal government had entered into a loan agreement with the bank to develop a system that will provide for an individual pipe connection for each household within the barangays of Poblacion and Iba.
The people felt that it was very expensive to construct a special belfry for them considering that a lot of fund raising effort was made for the building of the cathedral and the installing of the pipe organ.
There are 6 pipe connections from the poblacion area to the barangays of Camagong, Danlog, part of Boclod, Kinalansan, Manzana, Telegrafo, Dolo, and Sabang.
Vedanta Electrosteel Castings Limited - A Kolkata-based water pipe manufacturer acquired  of land  from the city and has erected its 2.2 MTPA steel plant.
Sections of pipe, measuring  in diameter, are bolted to the mast in a triangular pattern.
12.1 Controlling locomotives other than in designated and/or yard service, shall be equipped with an event recorder meeting the following minimum design criteria: The event recorder shall record  time, distance, speed, brake pipe pressure, throttle position, emergency brake application, independent brake cylinder pressure, horn signal and Reset Safety Control function"
A documentary film, The Pipe by local film-maker, Richard O'Donnell, had its first showing at the Galway Film Festival on Thursday 8 July 2010,  went on general release in cinemas nationwide from 3 December 2010.
It included six large studios, one of which was a 500-seat theater, and a "multi-manual pipe organ, built especially for broadcasting."
This refers to a kiseru, a smoking pipe that has a long hollow section made of bamboo between the bowl (where the smoke enters) and the mouthpiece (where it leaves) made of metal.
Tasersuaq is the main water reservoir serving Uummannaq town, with pipe waterworks leading southwards through a deep gully.
Other contractors were the Columbia Pumping Plant, Mowry Pumping Plant, United Concrete Pipe Corporation, Western Contracting Corporation, A. Teichert & Sons, Inc. General work shifts consisted of 3 daily shifts, twenty-one hours a day, 6 days a week.
In October, Painter defeated Kim Huybrechts 2–0 in sets in the first round of the World Grand Prix without his opponent picking up a single leg, but then lost to Justin Pipe 2–3 in the last 16.
He only appeared in the episode This Is Not a Pipe.
As the size at Pipe increases, over 12 feet usually, Second Reef on the outside (further out into the deeper ocean waters) starts breaking, with longer walls (the unbroken face of the wave that the surfer slides across), and more size.
There he found that pages of military records of Kentuckians involved in the Battle of 1812, the Mexican war and the Civil War were being used as temporary sleeping cots and pipe lighters.
Orgues Létourneau, Canadian pipe organ builder
Afterward, Ignatius smokes his pipe.
Pipe Band Championships in Norfolk, Virginia.
 St. Thomas Alumni Registry* St. Thomas' Episcopal School Pipe Band
The pipe has a straight drop of , and the diameter shrinks down to about .
Barlow's formula, for calculation of the internal pressure that a pipe can withstand
Faced with a choice of either not operating their locomotives on the mainline or modifying to allow them to pass within the current restricted UK loading gauge, private societies choose to reduce the height of their locomotives by  by: reducing cab and chimney height; modifying some upper pipe work.
Allegedly, it is being taught that the nitric oxide in red wine (not the alcohol), also found in pipe tobacco (not the nicotine), can help to facilitate changes in the brain as a part of the process in which to achieve these means.
The monastery hosts a mechanical pipe organ, one of the oldest in this part of Europe.
The pipe organ was built in the gallery in 1964 as a memorial to choirmaster Noel Iverson.
Its pipe organ is the largest of its kind in South Africa.
 Lothian & Borders Police Pipe Band
Also, pipe welded hand rails, and a new indirect lighting system was added.
The Senate, in particular, is prone to constant plumbing problems, and occasionally a broken pipe floods the entire building.
An air-operated valve, also known as a pneumatic valve, is a type of power-operated pipe valve that uses air pressure to perform a function similar to a solenoid.
22 October 1992: A small device exploded causing damage to a sewage pipe at Wick Lane E3.
The well underneath was fed from another well at the corner of Cutting Lane and Gatehouse Lane, the Council paying ten shillings a year to the LNW Railway for a pipe to run underneath the railway.
William chases Tatoya, who had taken William's money and ring (which is revealed to be Tatoya's that she gave to Yegor when they dated), and Tatoya knocks him in the head with a pipe outside the hotel.
Heat pipe  -  a heat-transfer device that employs phase transition to transfer heat between two solid interfaces.
This forced air along a pipe and into the sealed ashpan (below the fire).
This is mainly as a result of the construction methods used (flanged joints on the barrels and standard steel pipe for the flue tube).
The crew are ordered to attention (with the "Still to" order) and from the relevant boatswain's pipe (or bugle call) every man on decks stands to attention, officers saluting, looking to the side where Averof is in sight until "Continue" is ordered.
In the center of the tower is a large columnar pipe system.
In the loading position, the seat carriage is at the base of the tower and the piston is at the top of the pipe column.
As the piston moves up, the air inside the pipe column alternately compresses and expands, causing the carriage to bounce several times.
A hose had been run from the exhaust pipe into a rear window of the vehicle, which had filled with toxic fumes when turned on.
She practically drags him back to the Batmobile and makes a sling for his arm out of part of her cape and a piece of pipe.
The advantage of the street elbow is that it can be connected directly to another fitting without having to use an additional short connecting piece (a pipe nipple).
Industry, centred in Cuttack, Bhubaneshwar, and Puri along the Kolkata-Chennai (Calcutta-Madras) railway, includes paper mills, refrigerator plants, and the production of ceramics, glass, refractories, textiles, and galvanized pipe.
The 2014 dollar depicts a Native American man clasping a ceremonial pipe while his wife holds a plate of provisions, including fish, corn, roots and gourds.
At the Country Music Awards of Australia for 1998 he won 'Top Selling Album' for Pipe Dream.
| 1998 || Pipe Dream || Top Selling Album || 
This pump is remarkable for three reasons: the first known use of a true suction pipe (which sucks fluids into a partial vacuum) in a pump, the first application of the double-acting principle, and the conversion of rotary to reciprocating motion, via the crankshaft-connecting rod mechanism.
Pipe (voiced by Billy West and Cheryl Chase) are a 1950s' sitcom-styled white suburban couple who are seen only from the waist down.
 Sam Taylor – pipe organ and "drawkcab" piano
In 1982, multiple boys had accused Ramos of trying to lure them into a drain pipe in the area where Ramos was living.
In addition to the talks on a joint venture the company was also stated to be in talks to sell the pipe (Hartlepool) and EAF/speciality steel (South Yorkshire) businesses separately.
Waste that is separated through these pre-treatment and reverse osmosis modules and taken to an energy recovery module, and any further excess is pumped back out through an outfall pipe.
McKinley was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of a local pipe fitter, and grew up in a 'rough neighborhood' on the north side of town.
Those massive rains caused a sewer pipe to collapse into the creek due to major erosion, spilling sewage into the creek.
On May 20, 1972, the Main Street Tunnel was opened to traffic at a morning ceremony featuring local officials and the Welland Police Association Pipe Band.
The school's pipe organ was made from the remains of a church organ salvaged from Sandylands Methodist Church in Morecambe, Lancashire.
Helmut then uses a folding rule to measure the flame and smoke shooting from the pipe, and loyally reports to his superior Bruno that it's "ten meters fifty of phon".
Pipe Explosion Device 68 95 (AP Explosion Device)  sometimes called "ovikello", "doorbell."
While existing pumps in the region raised and lowered a heavy piston in a pipe, the Gaviotas engineers created pumps that leave the piston in place and instead lift and lower a cheap, light PVC sleeve around the piston (Weisman 1995).
The organ pipe mud dauber feeds mainly on three genera of spider: Neoscona, Araneus, and Eustala.
The Organ pipe mud dauber ranges from Southeastern Canada to Eastern United States Mud daubers use tree holes or the underside of bridges to construct their nests out of mud.
In August 2008, Syncrude Canada filed a lawsuit against Greenpeace Canada for $120,000, plus costs, after 11 Greenpeace activists went on to the company's Aurora North oil sands site July 24, 2008, to unfurl anti-oil sands banners and unsuccessfully block a tailings pipe.
The Veteran and His Pipe (1886)
Engine power was increased 10% over the base Zetec engine used in the ZX2 to , courtesy of a recommended premium fuel re-calibration, new air inlet system, the performance PCM, improved Borla muffler and pipe (M-5230-Z2).
Originally designed as a passenger-freighter, the Cascade was launched on 6 June 1942 by Western Pipe and Steel Company in San Francisco, California.
For the tunnels at Beach Road and Queen Street, the soil around the tunnels was stabilised using jet grouting, a retaining structure comprising horizontal pipe piles was installed using compressed air operated hammers, and steel frames were used to support the piles during the tunnels' construction.
In some Spanish and Portuguese communities, notably in France (Bordeaux, Bayonne), US (Savannah, Georgia, Charleston, South Carolina, Richmond, Virginia) and the Caribbean (Curaçao), pipe organs came into use during the course of the 19th century, in parallel with developments in Reform Judaism.
The following month at Turning Point, Lashley's winning streak came to an end, when Scott Steiner pinned him in a Falls Count Anywhere match following a shot with a steel pipe.
It is a function of the shape of the pipe, channel, or river in which the water is flowing.
The Chézy coefficient was introduced in 1768 while the Gauckler–Manning coefficient was first developed in 1865, well before the classical pipe flow resistance experiments in the 1920–1930s.
Open-channel flow has a free surface, whereas pipe flow does not.
This man was shot and killed in front of his house by a police officer for approaching them with a metal pipe, which according to his neighbors he used to communicate and ward off stray dogs.
He transforms into a figure with a robe, begins to make noises like a pipe organ, then transforms into a church-like structure with an onion dome.
 Barry Rose – pipe organ (track 1)
Kunifer pipe has since been adopted by European automakers Volvo, Rolls-Royce, Lotus Cars, Aston-Martin, Porsche, and Audi.
Bamboo is used, along with canes, not just to make the traditional stilt houses, but is the material for most tribal craft, including the bamboo smoking pipe, a major health hazard.
Structures in trash must be connected together by pipe.
Unlike other RTS games where resources seem to magically pop from one place to another where needed, in Trash they must travel through pipe.
The main pipe organ was built by the organ builder Lambert Daniel Kastens (c. 1690-1744) in 1730.
In the National Day Parade in 1986, they made their 2nd NDP performance and their 1st ever at the National Stadium, alongside the Women's Pipe Band of the Singapore Police Force, and put up its first mass precision drill performance there during the NDP in 1988.
In older installations, it is not uncommon to find only the water pipe bond, and it is allowed to remain as such, but the additional earth electrode must be installed if any upgrade work is done.
Nominal Pipe Size (NPS)
In the course of the match, Kash attempted to hit Figueroa with a pipe, but Figueroa was able to wrestle it from him and use it on Kash and Dallas.
In his teens, he became so proficient at the pipe organ as to be able to take his teacher's place as the organist in Sunday services, although his true passion was the violin.
After foiling the goon's plan to send the toys into the city's pipe network, Batman finds a tied-up Issac Evers, who admits to hiring the Joker's goons to destroy Gotham Industrial for the insurance money, having been unable to collect on the damage left by Mr.
After being impaled by a pipe and plunged into a body of water, the now-undead "Maniac Cop" Matthew Cordell acquires a junked police cruiser and restarts his killing spree through New York City.
Doiby often assists in battle with a skilled swing of a pipe wrench.
Ballygally Head is a volcanic plug, the ancient cooled remains of the pipe of a volcano.
The community was started by a ceramic pipe and drain tile manufacturing company, presently the "Pine Hall" brick company.
Born in Huddersfield, England, he first worked as a patent attorney in 1914 but after military service he began to pursue an interest in pipe organ building, working with Henry Willis & Sons of London.
Aeolian-Skinner pipe organs built under Harrison's direction are considered by many to be the apotheosis of the American organ builder's art for their period.
Bundling items together for handling and shipment: newspapers, pipe, lumber, concrete block, etc.
A PIPE server is used as the mediator between the user and PSE Park.
Another important characteristics of the PIPE Server is that it executes each module or core independently.
Any lack of definition is flagged by the PIPE server for incompatibility.
For example, a medium may smell the pipe tobacco of a person who smoked during life.
As a hobby, Robinson buys unwanted pipe organs from churches and reassembles them on his property.
Otter attempts to infect Sahara while taking multiple pipe shots to the head.
This opens the tripcock, which is connected to the train pipe of the air brakes, and causes an emergency brake application to be made.
The Tiger–Sooner Peace Pipe is a rivalry trophy presented to the winner of the Missouri vs. Oklahoma game.
The peace pipe was donated by a Mr. R. L. Hill, an "M" man and former president of the Missouri student body.
The most recent Big 12 Championship games featuring Mizzou and Oklahoma would not have triggered a transfer of the Peace Pipe (if Missouri had won on either occasion.)
A small number were fitted with a through pipe for steam heating, primarily for use in conjunction with a Class 27 locomotive on the West Highland Line.
When a pipe bursts at the café, Anna and Fiz are worried about Roy's whereabouts.
Purchasing a small farm, and surrounded by Yankee neighbors, Roth questions his identity as a Jew and struggles to wrest a living out of a Maine countryside where the soil is so hard that he has to dynamite in order to lay pipe deep enough to avoid the winter freezes.
The school pipe band used to play at every rugby home international at Murrayfield Stadium, Edinburgh.
In a typical installation, the closet flange is mounted on top of the floor with the hub fused around the drain pipe.
In one gag, W. C. Fields enters a scene contentedly smoking an opium pipe (but with a cigar in place of the opium) and commenting, "They stupefy!
When cold water passes through a pipe surrounded by humid air, condensation results.
In 1968, Mudiad Amddiffyn Cymru (Welsh Defence Movement), a Welsh republican movement, blew up a water pipe at Hapsford near Helsby.
The LMTD is a logarithmic average of the temperature difference between the hot and cold feeds at each end of the double pipe exchanger.
Cofrin Family Hall also contains a large pipe organ, the Wood Family Organ, built for the Weidner Center's acoustics.
An airlift is device based on a pipe, used in nautical archaeology to suck small objects, sand and mud from the sea bed and to transport the resulting debris upwards and away from its source.
A controllable compressed air supply vents into the inside, lower end of the pipe (The input end always being the lower end).
They fail because William Reid smokes a pipe with strong tobacco.
Pipe Roll, 31 Hen.
Buffy pulls down a gas pipe, igniting a fire that kills the demon.
Deconstruction began in March 2007, but on May 17, 2007, work was halted after a 22-foot section of pipe fell 35 stories and landed on the roof of "The Ten House", home to Engine 10 and Ladder 10 of the New York City Fire Department.
My Pipe Yellow Dream, Rodd Keith (Roaratorio)
A pipe organ was installed in the church in 1907 and a memorial to the Great War was built in 1921.
The chanter, on which the melody is played, is actually a double pipe, with six holes on each side; one set of holes is used as the drone, while the other plays the tune in almost the same register.
This meant that the mechanical restoration of the boat was now possible, at far less cost than had extensive refitting of ruined pipe work been necessary.
A wide exhaust pipe that rose from the outer deck was pivotal in identifying the ship; it was located in the same location where the smokestack from Terrors locomotive engine had been installed.
(1) - For pipe band
A few years earlier, a water main was installed below, which bent the pipe in the process.
Kimmins said, "We're trying to show man's triple side... there's the domestic wife – pipe and slippers side; then the jungle side – the girl-in-port sort of thing.
The actual gauge is mounted on a pipe outdoors and is approximately 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in) high, while the container is 51.5 cm (4 ft 2.25 in) long.
The CCF normally parades every week and carries out activities, including rifle shooting on the school's 15m pipe range, command tasks, climbing, camouflage and concealment, flying, sailing and walking with regular camps.
The Hawaiian Half Pipe is a two-person innertube ride that propels riders straight up, then backwards from a  drop.
The last 18 units (81.4) received Lentz valve gear, Dabeg mixer-preheaters and some (four) small pipe superheaters, which increased the superheater area to .
In 1846 he initiated in Lambeth the pipe works, in which he superintended the manufacture of the drainage and sanitary appliances which have helped to make the firm of Doulton famous.
Following Katrina, WYES partnered with local cable providers including Cox Communications and Charter Communications to pipe in LPB's signal starting in November 2005.
The chapel is equipped with a sound system, a new Yamaha grand piano and 2 pipe organs.
There are two types of pipe cutters.
According to the International Residential Code 2003, an air gap must meet the requirements of being two times the effective inner diameter of the pipe (2×D) in order to be sufficient.
Meanwhile, Micky mimes a performance on drums with trash cans, Peter mimes guitar with a broom and Davy sings into a carrot and later mimes a saxophone solo into a lead pipe.
The pipe band performed on stage with Sir Paul McCartney on 5 and 6 December 2017, during his One on One tour.
The earlier style of keyboard on the portative consists of one button for each pipe.
In practice, however, since the organ reform movement revival of small organs, also small positives with a bass register and played with both hands have come to be called portatives, especially when their pipe arrangement or general layout resembles that of the genuine portative.
 Orgelkids - a project to educate children about building and playing pipe organs.
According to Praetorius, the reed stops of pipe organs required constant tuning; he emphasized the fact that the pitch of the stop fell in summer and rose in winter.
The computer room therefore became the early application for systems which would alert the operator to a leaking pipe in sufficient time for remedial action to be taken to prevent a disaster.
This is a pipe ending in a ring containing pin-sized holes, which creates a "ring" of steam jets.
This takes the form of a pipe which runs twice through an enlarged smoke tube in the boiler.
In addition, the wearing of tartan trews and the diced Glengarry were authorised and a Pipe Band was formed.
This could be flying set pieces or facades, mounting and securing them onto existing structures or hanging and building pipe grids over and above the sets to hang lighting and other equipment from.
Ray Buttigieg since the age of ten became extremely interested in music when he started to sing Latin hymns on the gallery of the grand pipe organ at St Joseph's church.
The Whitworth 55° angle remains commonly used today worldwide in form of the 15 British standard pipe threads defined in ISO 7, which are commonly used in water supply, cooling, pneumatics, and hydraulic systems.
These pipe thread designations do not refer to any thread diameter.
 British Standard Pipe (BSP)
Opening up a pipe, Diane discovers clumps of hair blocking it.
At the top of the filler stand is a "L" shaped pipe with two rings, a small one on the bottom and a larger one on the top called the inflation nozzle.
A rubber hose is attached to this pipe and passes through the filler stand twice.
The head added by the pump () is a sum of the static lift, the head loss due to friction and any losses due to valves or pipe bends all expressed in metres of fluid.
Major items required for construction like cement, timber and plastic pipe and fittings can be bought from these shops.
 11 School Road: Galston Congregational Church Pipe Organ
Wetted medium: A fine fibrous medium in the airstream is kept moist with fresh water from a header pipe with a series of small outlets.
Condensed refrigerant flows by gravity to the first side of the pipe to repeat the process.
They are most often located at the top of the radiator on the side of the inflow pipe.
Heat Wave has a pipe attached to his left arm that can project a fire retardant which allows him to put out fires.
British pipe organ builders
After the end of the Napoleonic Wars, Emperor Alexander I decided to take the river underground and enclose it in a pipe three kilometres long.
Show Down (V2): In Version 2, the contestants that have chosen a safe hole in 'Final Fall' follow the tunnel and come out the pipe in front of the castle.
Reclamation of ponds and obstructions in drains due to cables and gas pipe exacerbate the problem.
In black box theatres, catwalks and pipe grids may be the only architectural feature.
When the Wiltern first opened, it also housed the largest theater pipe organ in the western United States.
Wiltern Theater Pipe Organ
 Pipe the Whiskers (1918, Short)
His topics would range from the dogs used on the expedition to the pipe smoking habits of his Elephant Island cohabitants.
After an extensive arson and police investigation, it was determined that a 61-year-old had accidentally started the fire while he was ransacking a vacant section of the Clark Building looking for copper pipe to steal and then sell.
In addition to the lavish architecture, a huge Wurlitzer pipe organ was installed.
It consists of a lamb skin, a blow pipe, and the double reed chanter.
In June 1959, Saint George's held its first commencement exercises as nine seniors crossed graduation bridge to the music of the Angus Scott pipe band, a tradition that is continued to this day.
The invoice for this pipe, which was installed in 1956, characterized it as "limited service".
The venue features a 6,566 pipe Klaisorgan which was built in 1986.
The former comes from an intake pipe southwest of town.
There are many clubs associated with Blackpool which grew over the years including the Harriers, St Finbarr's Pipe Band, Glen Boxing Club, and Glen Rovers hurling club.
After some remodeling in the mid-1950s that included concrete under the stage to support a pipe organ,  Ormandy refused to make recordings with the Philadelphia Orchestra in the Academy.
According to Adam Edwards of Daily Express, the wolf whistle originates from the navy General Call made with a boatswain's pipe.
Tig can't find a pipe, and instead hands Jax a hammer and a musical "It's a Small World" snow globe.
Since then he has had his own small concert hall built, in which a 31-stop pipe organ of revolutionary design has been installed.
He is also seen occasionally smoking a briar pipe.
St. Bartholomew's is noted for its Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ, the largest in New York and one of the ten largest in the world.
As a result, by 1966, Black Hills cable systems refused to carry KRSD-TV, forcing the FCC to allow area cable providers to pipe in stations from neighboring markets.
The port is fitted with oil pipe line for tankers.
Almost all PEX used for pipe and tubing is made from high-density polyethylene (HDPE).
PEX can run straight from a distribution point to an outlet fixture without cutting or splicing the pipe.
Generally, builders and manufacturers have learned from these experiences and have found the best materials for use in fittings used to connect pipe with connectors, valves and other fittings.
Limited adhesives for pipe insulation.
Polypropylene Pipe, similar in application to CPVC but a chemically inert material containing no harmful substances and reduced dangerous emissions when consumed by fire.
Polybutylene (PB) Pipe is a form of plastic polymer that was used in the manufacture of potable water piping from late 70's until 1995.
Findlater was born at Belmore, in Huron County, Ontario, the son of Alexander Findlater and Mary Pipe, and was educated at public schools in the region.
Monotropa hypopitys, the so-called Dutchman's pipe, false beech-drops, pinesap, or yellow bird's-nest, is a herbaceous perennial plant, formerly classified in the families Monotropaceae or Pyrolaceae, but now included within the subfamily Monotropoideae of the family (Ericaceae).
The intrinsic color of liquid water may be demonstrated by looking at a white light source through a long pipe that is filled with purified water and closed at both ends with a transparent window.
Most of the images are painted as negatives or stenciled, alongside some positive handprints.There are 829 left hands to 31 right hands, suggesting that most painters held the bone spray pipe with their right hand.
The reviewer from Pyramid #29 (Jan./Feb., 1998) stated that "The Very Clever Pipe Game is indeed quite clever.
When the pipe organ division was closed down in 1942, some 7,326 models had been built.
In the middle of 1952 the cars were substantially rebuilt, including better cooling – most notably a greatly enlarged radiator aperture in the nose, better ventilation, and repositioning of the exhaust pipe stubs.
When Dennis Kerr arrived, Krueger struck him in the head with the pipe wrench and continued to beat him into unconsciousness.
This case was appealed to the Supreme Court as Addyston Pipe and Steel Company v. United States, 175 U.S. 211 (1899).
They operate on the principle that, given laminar flow, the pressure difference across a pipe is linearly proportional to the flow rate.
For Anishinaabe who gathered and traded along portage routes surrounding the Falls, the waterfall's whirlpool was the bowl of a great peace pipe, and its mists were smoke rising to the Creator.
On 17 August 2015, at 18:55 local time, an explosive device composed of three kilograms of TNT stuffed in a metal pipe and wrapped in white cloth inside a backpack was detonated near the Erawan Shrine, killing 20 bystanders and injuring 125.
The church is tied in a benefice with the Church of St Peter at Pipe and Lyde.
Their father was a journeyman mechanic, turned tinsmith and coppersmith, turned pipe and sheetmetal shop superintendent for the Central of Georgia Railway.
PIPE (Pervasive Instance Provision Environment)
The instruments were lighted attachments designed for pipe organs that could project colored lights onto a screen in synchronization with musical performance.
The Warner theater was originally equipped with a 3 manual 17 rank Wurlitzer pipe organ.
The oldest unequivocal examples of prehistoric art date to this period, the Aurignacian and the Gravettian periods of prehistoric Europe, such as the Venus figurines and cave painting (Chauvet Cave) and the earliest musical instruments (the bone pipe of Geissenklösterle, Germany, dated to about 36,000 years ago).
At 2:06pm, about half an hour into the parade, a time bomb in the form of a cast steel pipe filled with explosives exploded on the west side of Steuart Street, just south of Market Street, about 450 feet from the Ferry Building.
Initial documents show that a type of horn was played with the tabor, which then later lead into the pipe and tabor duo.
A pipe is a tubular wind instrument in general, or various specific wind instruments.
Often with six holes, the shepherd's pipe is a common pastoral image.
The tabor pipe has two finger holes and one thumb hole.
The pipe and tabor was a common combination throughout Asia in the medieval period, and remains popular in some parts of Europe and the Americas today.
The flageolet was developed from the tabor pipe, in France, and became an orchestral instrument.
Simple instruments may consist of little more than the reed, the pipe, and the resonator.
He makes a pair of homemade roller blades and uses a lead pipe like a hockey stick to defeat them.
World Pipe Band Championships – August
The two groups compete against each other in sports, but it leads to Ash's Charizard getting its head stuck in a pipe.
Surrounding the beam pipe is the silicon detector.
These high-energy particles hardly interact so the muon detectors are strategically placed at the farthest layer from the beam pipe behind large walls of steel.
Black Pipe Trail, length: .
These artists had no intention of analyzing and describing mundane objects from daily life—a bowl of fruit, a pipe, violin or guitar—but chose subjects of vast proportion, of provocative social and cultural significance, expressing the dynamic qualities of modern urban life.
1932: Union Depot as lady with pipe (uncredited)
The Man With the Calabash Pipe (collected columns, edited by Winfield Townley Scott), 1966
In order to keep up with the increase of influent wastewater produced by the ever-growing city of Los Angeles, by 1957 the plant engineers had cut back treatment levels and increased the discharge of a blend of primary and secondary effluent through a  pipe into the ocean.
The installation is often just a small dammed pool, at the top of a waterfall, with several hundred feet of pipe leading to a small generator housing.
Low flow/high head installations in steep terrain have significant pipe costs.
Turbine efficiency is generally between 50-80%, and pipe friction is accounted for using the Hazen–Williams equation.
His character is often seen with a hookah pipe and makes a few drug references throughout the series.
Activities offered: Cadets, Chess, Debating, Instep, UNYA, Duke of Edinburgh, SMARTS, Prometheans, Drama, Music and Pipe Band.
The pipe band traditionally leads the school in marching.
In April 2006, the pipe band toured the United States.
In 2015 and 2018, the pipe band was invited to perform at the Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo, and the Basel Tattoo in 2019.
Another day's pondering gets them no closer, until Hannay breaks his pipe.
They stop at Medina's house for a pipe, and there Hannay has a strange dreamlike experience of which he remembers little, only later realising that Medina attempted to hypnotise him and that he somehow resisted.
He seldom did individual portraits; however, he painted himself into a few interior tipi scenes, usually smoking a pipe.
Tamper, a pipe tool component
After dinner, Carnacki lights his pipe, everyone settles into their favourite chairs, and he tells the tale without interruption.
Connected to the distillery was the Invergordon Distillery Pipe Band.
sudo is unable to pipe the standard output to a file.
The school has two main Pipe Bands.
The operator turns a crank to rotate the helix as it moves through the pipe.
A drum auger is a motorized auger with modular blades designed for various gauges of pipe.
The Army develops the ceremony of display by the massed bands in which Military Bands, Pipe and Drum Bands, Buglers and Trumpeters from various Army Regiments besides bands from the Navy and Air Force take part which play popular tunes like Abide With Me, Mahatma Gandhi's favourite hymn, and Saare Jahan Se Achcha at the end.
is a frog-like creature equipped with a pipe organ, using ultrasonic attacks.
He hid his face behind a mask just like the Phantom of the Opera, and even had his own pipe organ.
The schematic shows a pipe flare tip.
A bird was once recorded nesting halfway down an iron pipe that was set upright in the ground .
Under the street was situated a massive sewage pipe consisting of fragile ceramic, and with an outflow of two million buckets.
The pipe symbolizes the Ute's connection to the creator and their existence on Earth.
For instance, they conducted a pipe ceremony at an Interfaith event in Salt Lake City, Utah.
A plate was welded to an engine exhaust pipe to allow for the preparation of hot food.
(Meade's original plan had been to man a defensive line on Pipe Creek, a few miles south in Maryland.
That summer, Šakić is alleged to have personally directed an exhaust pipe into a van filled with women and children at the Stara Gradiška concentration camp, killing all those inside.
"The End of the Beginning" features Rick Wright playing the Concertgebouw's pipe organ, in lieu of his Farfisa organ which was usually used.
 John Lodge – bass, guitar, vocals, pipe organ on "Maybe"
They are a round pipe section with an adjustable sleeve gate and cone at the discharge end.
Water flows through an annular gap between the pipe and cone when it is moved downstream, away from the seat.
The festival included eight brass bands, three pipe bands and nine male voice choirs, all from collieries around the UK.
Kevin escapes by scaling a pipe to the surface, and Meg is saved by Brian, who confronts Meddows in front of the townsfolk and Briggs.
Joe Wallace eventually came forward, saying he saw Nick out on the square on the night of Eddie's murder, having escaped his room and climbed down a drain pipe.
At the end of the pipe organ specialist segment of the geoduck farmer episode, Rowe sang what he called the Dirty Jobs Anthem.
Bangles, boxes, water pipe heads, vases, and golden dishes with beautiful paintings in blue and green colors from that time, Afterwards, fifty years of stagnation caused by the World War I and the social revolution followed.
Heat generated by the element then maintains the temperature of the pipe.
As heating a thick fluid decreases its viscosity, it reduces losses occurring in a pipe.
While docked at the port of Los Angeles in August 2005, maintenance on a sewage pipe caused a small amount of raw sewage and an unknown amount of hydrogen sulfide gas to escape.
Wyatt constructed a quarter pipe ramp with the take-off completely vertical that launched to a step up.
A defective repair on a vacuum pipe had left engine without brakes.
A combination vise combines an engineer-style vise with a subsidiary set of curved serrated jaws below the main for clamping pipe.
He learned music from his father (who also played the nai, the Romanian pan pipe, in a band (taraf) of Lăutari) and brothers.
It was his concerts at the Universal Exhibition of Paris (1937) which gave the pan pipe its first popularity in the West.
At the end of the book, a picture on the back cover shows her coming out of a sewer pipe and landing in a lake.
The advantage of the dome position was a short 5½ inch steam pipe which limited pressure drop between the boiler and the cylinders.
It is known for early performances by Dave Matthews Band, Verve Pipe, and Nirvana, among others.
Currently there is a modern version of jukung made from High Density Polyethylene (HDPE) pipe in Indonesia.
The surface of a high pressure steam pipe may be above the autoignition temperature of some fuel/air mixtures.
He sits down in a sewage pipe to cool his posterior off, where Edna finds him.
The church had a pipe organ by Nigel Church installed in 1976.
While a pipe center ensures the workpiece remains concentric, its main advantage is that it supports the workpiece securely, and can be used for parts whose larger inner diameter prevents the use of a normal pointed center.
Uses include electrical fittings, hand tools, pipe fittings, washers, brackets, fence fittings, power line hardware, farm equipment, mining hardware, and machine parts.
This type of instrument is commonly used in inspections of oil field tool pipe for metal surface pits, fractures, and roundness before being shipped to drilling sites for exploratory wells.
Electronic instrumentation similar to the spherometer in design are modified at inspection plants for casing, tubing, and drill pipe.
Water came into the ovdan from a well-kept underground water pipe or kyhryza.
Their nests can be easily identified in trees or wall cavities by the wax pipe they build at the entrance, usually guarded by some soldier bees, which are stronger than regular worker bees.
At the age of five he composed his first small piece, and by the age of seven he sometimes stood in for his father playing the church pipe organ.
The village also contains a set of water pumps, still in situ but now out of service, that provided water from an underground pipe system fed from a wind pump.
Transverse V-twins can raise difficulties in cooling the aft cylinder, and in siting the airbox, battery, aft carburetor, and aft exhaust pipe.
Carey had been playing his church's piano during off hours since he was very young, and he was permitted to play the pipe organ as well.
The lift lines run from the top of the arbor up to the top of the fly tower, around the head block, across the stage to evenly spaced loft blocks, then down, terminating at the batten, a load-bearing pipe that spans much of the width of the stage.
Schedule 80 pipe is also used.
The center-to-center spacing of electric truss pipe, often from , is typically greater than for a standard truss batten to allow for the proper mounting and focusing of lighting instruments.
As fly pipe lowers and the arbor rises,  more of the thick heavy wire rope hangs beneath the arbor and compensates for the additional weight of the fly lines.
A nearby log tomb was found with a platform pipe typical of Hopewell styles from 50 C.E.
He studied classical piano, drums, pipe organ, orchestral percussion and music theory at Toronto's Royal Conservatory of Music.
 Neutral Bay, Yeo Street: St John's Uniting Church and Pipe Organ
Cars, computers, process systems, solar panels, wind turbines, elevators, furniture, looms, railroad signaling systems, telephone exchanges, pipe organs, synthesizers, electric power distribution systems and modular buildings are examples of platform systems using various levels of component modularity.
There is also a skatepark located in Terrey Oval which opened in 2018 and was built on a previous half pipe which existed until 2010.
Low-pressure heating steam, which enters the horizontal vessel through a Sparge Pipe in the bottom of the vessel, is provided to keep the stored boiler feedwater warm.
 James Fleet as Alan The Pipe
His design of a trumpet called "The Raven" uses rotary valves with a long lead pipe usually associated with a piston trumpet.
In this situation the tapered drift pin is on the handle end of a spud wrench used for assembling trusses, structural steel beams, and steel pipe flanges.
In this story, a shepherd named Gógu plays his pipe, as a gathering of nymphs or fairies appear to dance to the song near a pool or a fountain.
An axial-flow pump, or AFP, is a common type of pump that essentially consists of a propeller (an axial impeller) in a pipe.
However, a potential safety risk existed in the event that a station blackout occurred simultaneously with the rupture of a  coolant pipe (the so-called Design Basis Accident).
Water from the dam is supplied by means of a steel pipe laid through the Wungong Gorge, although provision for an alternative supply route was made during the 1980s by creation of the Wungong Tunnel which runs underground from just west of Wungong Dam through to Rails Crescent on the western slope of the Darling Scarp.
The south transept contains an 1882 pipe organ by Eustace Ingram of London.
Although the mechanism of diffusion is not entirely understood, it is believed that solute atoms diffuse by either volume (high temperature), by diffusion in stacking fault ribbons between partial dislocations (intermediate temperature) or pipe diffusion (low temperature).
On 2 December 2004, the Supreme Court judgment blamed the leaking water main pipe and the Alpine Way, which was built on a road full of debris, as the cause of the disaster.
Among the 100 events staged throughout the week are a car-banger derby, a fancy dress parade, a wheelbarrow race and a parade of massed pipe bands as a finale.
Toronto Police Pipe Band - "Live at the El Mocambo" (2010)
GOST 32569-2013: Steel pipe technology.
GOST 32569-2013 Steel pipe technology.
Medical air is compressed air supplied by a special air compressor, through a dryer (in order to maintain correct dew point levels), and distributed to patient care areas by half hard BS:EN 13348 copper pipe and also use isolation ball valve for operating the services of compressed air 4 bar.
This program of exterior and interior renovation, including the installation of a new tracker action pipe organ, cost $12 million.
 Gerard Fahey - pipe whistle
Air pressure is maintained in the auxiliary reservoirs and in the train pipe at all times when the brakes are not applied.
To apply the brakes to all of the cars at about the same time, pressure is released from the train pipe, causing the triple valve on each car to apply the brakes.
Skin effect in audio cables is the tendency for high frequency signals to travel more on the surface than in the center of the conductor, as if the conductor were a hollow metal pipe.
Nap was shot by Rudolf using a pipe and the bullet the former sent to the latter; he was taken to the hospital to remove the bullet.
Lauren is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Castro Organ Devotees Association, a San Francisco nonprofit organization founded by David Hegarty, dedicated to keeping the art of organ music alive through the acquisition and restoration of the Wurlitzer pipe organ in the Castro Theatre, San Francisco.
I am sitting in my old garret, at my old desk, smoking my old pipe...
The later instruments have a pipe of larger calibre more or less curved and bent back as in the letter "J" as the crumhorn, tournebout, and cromorne.
There was practically no technical difference between the bent chanter of the bladder pipe and the cromorne, the only distinction being the form and size of the air-chamber, either the bladder or the wind-cap, in which the reed was set in vibration.
Musica Antiqua Instruments: The Bladder Pipe.
He was also given the sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe in 1703 which he was able to keep until 1706 in spite of pressure from the Whigs.
Chautauqua's own Massey Memorial Pipe Organ is located on the grounds of the famous Chautauqua Institution.
In 2003, a 32' Bombarde stop was added to the instrument by Fischer Pipe Organ Company.
The hose or pipe between the tank(s) and the converter is called the service line.
I knew we had 'em, we'd made 'em outta sewer pipe and we had the good fusing system on them and we were ready.
When the handle of a pipe wrench, box wrench or ratchet is inserted into a cheater bar, the additional distance makes it possible to generate the required torque with the same amount of force being applied.
Due to the potential problems associated with a cheater bar or snipe, some situations may require an alternative to loosening and removing threaded pipe, screws, bolts or other fasteners.
The object was for players to throw sticks at the head in order to break the pipe.
is the Fanning friction factor of the pipe.
is the length of pipe.
 Gone with the Wind (1939) as Man With Stove Pipe Hat in Charge of Convict Workers (uncredited)
 The Pipe (1912, short) as Dingley's Wife
In 1969, the actress Lane Bradbury played a young Eliza "Ella" Stewart at Pipe Spring in the syndicated television series, Death Valley Days, hosted by Robert Taylor not long before Taylor's own death.
Nantahala was constructed as the commercial single-screw cargo ship SS Wautahala for the United States Shipping Board by the Western Pipe and Steel Company at San Francisco, California.
The pipe is made out of wood, metal or plastic and consists of a cylindrical tube of narrow bore (1:40 diameter:length ratio) pierced with three holes near one end, two in front and one in back.
The smallest of the family is the Picco pipe, while the largest is the fujara.
The pipe and tabor combination is illustrated in a plate in the 13th century work, Cantigas de Santa Maria.
Fife, drum, pipe, and tabor are both combinations of a wind instrument played in its upper register accompanied by a drums.
The pipe and tabor has a much longer history and is associated with civilian music and Court etiquette.
The pipe and tabor are also known as whittle and dub and whit and dub (also spelled dubb) in some parts of the country.
It was close to extinction in the early part of the century, but a revival of interest occurred and the English pipe and tabor tradition remains alive in morris dancing, early music and all manner of cultural displays.
The pipe and tabor, in various local forms, is popular in the Basque region.
Aside from its importance in the Basque region, in the Iberian Peninsula the pipe and tabor remains an important part of various regional traditions.
In Provence a form of tabor pipe called the galoubet is played.
From Spain, the pipe and tabor was carried to the Americas, where it continues to be used in some folk traditions.
This corps was created by Robert Ritchie Robertson in 1926, and has the distinction of being the first all-female Scottish pipe and drum corps in the country.
Henri Gabriel Mulet (17 October 1878 – 20 September 1967) was a French composer, pipe and reed organist, and cellist.
The guests eventually manage to break a wall open enough to access a water pipe.
He had been found by police in a hotel room with $30 worth of cocaine and a pipe used to smoke it.
There is a single punctuation mark, the pipe (), which corresponds to a comma or a period.
In the Pommers no attempt had been made to bend the tube, and its length, equal to that of an open organ pipe of the same pitch, was outstretched in all its unwieldiness in an oblique position in front of the performer.
The sordun, however, having a cylindrical bore, has the acoustic properties of the stopped pipe, i.e.
The spill, which comprised  of diesel oil, was caused by a faulty drainage pipe that had not been properly inspected following a 2010 refit.
The main area, Poole Retail Park (sometimes known as Redlands after the pipe factory once on the site) is situated along the main Poole to Bournemouth A35.
 Christie Organ, a brand of theatre pipe organ
Clifton was mentioned in the Pipe Roll of 1183–84.
Having gotten the information he wanted, Nightwing handcuffs the Prankster to a pipe and leaves him for the police.
It featured the very first silver soldered boiler (at the insistence of G&G) and also had a steam pipe union nut at the boiler instead of the usual stop cock.
Elders smoke guduguda, an elongated pipe that goes through a trough of water.
Sharp built many other significant Australian pipe organs including the Sydney Opera House Concert Hall organ and organs at St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, the Canberra School of Music, the Perth Concert Hall and Knox Grammar School.
Kanbar owned over 17 acres of commercial property in West Oakland, CA, including the American Steel Building, home to more than 150 artists, makers and small businesses, and the historic Pacific Pipe building, both purchased by 11 West Partners in late 2016.
Several entries in Pipe Rolls and Patent Rolls between the years 1166 and 1169 relate to the repair of the king's houses in the manor, and there was a royal hunting lodge near the village.
A similar type of device, also common in Northern Ireland, is the pipe bomb.
There were pipe fragments similar to the ones from the northern Rio Grande pueblos.
In other countries, a British Standard Pipe (BSP) thread is used, which is  and 14 TPI (male part outside diameter is ).
1955: Allen developed the first electronic 32' stops used with pipe organs.
When the well had reached roughly 109 feet in depth, perforated pipe was driven horizontally into gravel containing water, which aided in bringing water into the basin.
 La Pipe (1901), performed at the Théâtre de la Renaissance
Since a professional Baroque keyboard player may be asked to play some pieces on pipe organ or portative organ (Ton Koopman is an example of a harpsichordist/organist), harpsichordists may also study organ.
The Sacred Pipe was/is to make treaties with other tribes, preparing for war, or to please the gods.
It turned out that the area was resting on clay that had transformed to quick clay after a water pipe had broken.
Carroll made the finals of the 1979 Pipe Masters as a world tour rookie, finishing 24th in the world that same year.
For other devices such as ball or gate valves, plastic pieces which either fit against the pipe and prevent movement, or clamshell-style objects which completely surround the valve and prevent its manipulation are used.
Other notable businesses who were in South Wigston were Premier Percussion, Constone (concrete pipe makers) at Saffron Lane and Marshall's Coal who were in the yard opposite Blaby Road Park.
Example Number 1:   A tank with a liquid level 2 metres above the pump intake, plus the atmospheric pressure of 10 metres, minus a 2 metre friction loss into the pump (say for pipe & valve loss), minus the NPSHR curve (say 2.5 metres) of the pre-designed pump (see the manufacturers curve) = an NPSHA (available) of 7.5 metres.
 The Wanamaker Organ, the world's largest operational pipe organ
In addition to being a fine player, McAloon eventually became a respected pipe repairer and a highly regarded reed-maker.
A lead pipe found here suggests that there used to be a well nearby.
In one instance the number of performers amounts to twenty−six, of whom seven play the harp, an equal number the flute or pipe, three
Plants from companies like the National Wood Pipe Company, Davis Safe and Lock Company, Union Meat Company and Portland Union Stockyards called Kenton home.
If the system also contains other fluids, such as air, then the heat flux density will be less than in a real heat pipe, which contains only a single substance.
In 1926 a new two-manual pipe organ by E. Wragg & Son of Nottingham was installed at a cost of £210, but it was removed when the chapel was modernised for its current use by the Vale Christian Fellowship.
Rockefeller purchased a one-third share, and the company was renamed United Pipe Lines.
All five had been bludgeoned with a steel pipe.
A computer command or loss of current will release the air from the brake pipe applying the emergency brake.
In most cases, fluids create hydrostatic pressure in both the pipe and annulus.
This is called U-tubing, and it explains why there is often a flow from the pipe when making connections.
The total pressure acting on the wellbore is affected by pipe movement upwards or downwards.
When pulling pipe, the fluid must move downward and replace the volume occupied by the tubing.
During tripping, the pipe could be dry or wet depending on the conditions.
In such wells, the fill-up volume always exceeds the calculated or theoretical volume of the pipe removed from the well.
Swabbing (piston) action is enhanced when the pipe is pulled too fast.
A dry riser is a normally empty pipe that can be externally connected by firefighters to a pressurised water source.
As part of the marching band, students attending GLHS have the opportunity to join the GLHS Highlander Pipe Band where they perform at various community events and lead the marching band through parades.
Already in 1883, Le rire, an image of a Mona Lisa smoking a pipe, by Sapeck (Eugène Bataille), was shown at the "Incoherents" show in Paris.
Today, on 14 July, during the Fête nationale française (Bastille Day) celebrations in France, many French military corps and Scottish pipe bands play this tune in particular memory of Saint Joan of Arc as well as to underline the contributions of the Scots for liberating France from England.
In the new church with its pipe organ, Father Eddie Murphy, then Parish Priest, has left a memorable legacy on the parish of Eskra.
 Davis Chapel (contains the second-largest theater pipe organ in New York, custom-built by M.P.
Alex McLeish warned Ireland to create headlines on the pitch after being pictured posing with shisha pipe on Twitter.
Zoe and Callum break a gas pipe and set a timer to go off just as Tom (Ken Farrington), Jimmy (Nick Miles) and Max King (Charlie Kemp) arrive.
The galleries too are nearly oval, except that the 'circle' of the upper gallery is incomplete so as to accommodate the pipe organ.
"The Creek" (as it is called by locals) used to be mostly above ground, but as at 2006 has been mostly buried in a pipe.
A  long temporary bridge was constructed upstream of the dam site which is supported by 30 sections of steel pipe.
The park often closes in winter but a lack of funding to repair the infrastructure, specifically a rusting sewage pipe, closed the park in 2011 until repairs could be made.
Hattersley made his way through a skylight in the prison's workshop and used webbing and a long pipe which he had broken from a wall in the workshop toilets to help him scale the wall.
He was famously ejected by John Disney, the vicar of St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, after a confirmation service during which he asked for his pipe, tobacco and ale.
The harmonium was replaced in 1865 with a two-manual pipe organ by D. & T. Hamilton of Edinburgh.
Mary presented herself in public in a doublet and baggy breeches, smoking a pipe and swearing if she wished.
Starting with the 1.6 HDi 16v 110 hp DPFS and 1.6 THP150 16v 150 hp engines each of which receive a chrome plated single exhaust pipe.
The band also competes in local pipe band competitions in grade 4.
That detail included leaded glass doors at every theater entrance, an 18 foot dome with 148 lights, a 300 pipe electric-pneumatic organ, an electric player piano, and a ballroom on the second floor.
Traffic consists of outbound pipe, and inbound scrap steel and alloy steel ingots.
The blow pipe was used by the Egyptians at around 200 BCE and to today.
Those in small craft acted alone in very difficult circumstances with falling concrete, live wires, and water from a broken pipe above, until the water police arrived on the scene.
A century later Æthelwold had acquired a great reputation as a goldsmith, and was credited with the production of a range of metal objects at Abingdon, including many figures and objects in precious metal, bells and even a pipe organ.
They were all laid down in 1941 and 1942, with Ingalls Shipbuilding and Western Pipe & Steel building four each and Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation erecting the additional three, and supplied under the terms of the Lend-Lease program.
The local Gaelic Athletic Association club and the Pipe Band in Clontibret are both named after Hugh O'Neill Earl of Tyrone (victor at the Battle of Clontibret 1595).
The pipe could be easily solded electrically in the field from standard 6 m segments, and deployed with just the help of a few rubber boats plus floats.
In February 2003, a venting pipe was inserted into the lake, in an effort to prevent the disaster from recurring.
Avakum Zakhov was intended as a Bulgarian version of Sherlock Holmes: a solitary bachelor, who enjoys the rainy weather, loves to smoke his pipe by the fire, and solves detective mysteries by keen observation and deductive reasoning.
Funding was approved in 2016 for a scaled-down project that would encase the river in a pipe underground and reroute it away from Calexico.
The Kirk's interior was extensively remodelled in 1882, with the inclusion of a pipe organ and a central pulpit.
 Canongate Kirk's pipe organ - Th.
Moreover, the entire bath is heated by hot air, coming through a special pipe located under a marble floor.
Smoking imphepho through a pipe or in a cigarette is unknown.
Work entailed refurbishing seats, restoration of grandeur of the circular foyer including decorative finishes, historical millwork, lighting installations, installing accessible washrooms and a fresh coat of paint, and restoration of the historic pipe organ—the fifth largest in Toronto.
The system included a new compressor station at Bulbuceni, and  of new pipe station.
Examples include a bicycle pump, pumps that are used to aerate an aquarium or a pond via an airstone; a gas compressor used to power a pneumatic tool, air horn or pipe organ; a bellows used to encourage a fire; a vacuum cleaner and a vacuum pump.
One of which was teenager, Mike Dias, who won the grand prize in the Slim Jim Sweepstakes getting his likeness put into the game, the Slim Jim man from commercials, and Amish Boy, who rode with a corn cob pipe on a wooden bike.
Many racing crossplane V8 engines (like Ford 4.2L DOHC V8 for Indy racing) had exhaust ports on the inside of the V angle to make these exhaust pipe lengths shorter and the merges easier to achieve without causing packaging issues.
He reached the quarter-finals, where he lost 7–10 to Justin Pipe.
According to Kobrin, "A heavy-set black man in a trench coat patted his left lapel, muttering something about a pipe.
The contract for the construction of Willard Keith (DE-754)—a  whose keel had been laid down on 14 September 1943 at San Pedro, California, by the Western Pipe and Steel Company—was cancelled on 2 October 1943.
It consisted of a movable periscope-like pipe which provided air and, when rotated or pushed by the person interred, indicated to passersby that someone was buried alive.
The airline is owned by Sincere and Durban Shopping Mall, Miramar Entertainment Park, DC Development (Construction) Group, Mayer Steel Pipe, Tze Shin Transportation and Terminal and Far Eastern Air Transport (5%).
Freaker Pipe (2007), U-Sound
It was created 17 May 1681 for Charles Cheyne (or Cheyney), a Member of Parliament and  Clerk of the Pipe.
Schnellenberger was known for his gravelly baritone voice and was known for smoking a trademark pipe, but he gave it up after he found out his son was diagnosed with cancer.
Appletree was the grandson of a "husbandman", but when he died in 1666 his wealth included a pipe organ and virginals in his parlour, oil paintings, plate worth £112, a horse-drawn coach, and an income from rents of £612 a year.
In June, 1745, Bishop August Gottlieb Spangenberg, Weiser and Zeisberger visited Shamokin where they met with Shikellamy and the elderly chief Sassoonan: "[Spangenberg] and Conrad crossed the river to visit the Indian King {Sassoonan] who lives there, and had the honor to smoke a pipe with him."
When the owner of the Double Dolphin fitted the boat with an elaborate pipe structure and canvas top, the center of gravity was raised and, more importantly, the projected side area vastly increased.
The novel was adapted into the 1955 Rodgers and Hammerstein Broadway musical Pipe Dream, which was nominated for nine Tony Awards.
She attempts to escape, but she trips on a pole and her head is impaled on a broken pipe, killing her instantly.
The first use of hammered pipe metal in modern times in the United States, also done for his Op.
First installation in Continental Europe since the 1930s of a new pipe organ built in the United States – the Meantone organ for the Hagakyrkan in Göteborg, Sweden, dedicated by Harald Vogel on March 8, 1992.
American pipe organ builders
He decides to smoke one last time and lights his pipe with the blue light.
The blue light in Hungarian tales is sometimes replaced by a tobacco pipe.
Thirty-one hours later, the Gandees and Donald Robert Myers were found dead in the Sissonville area of West Virginia inside Shain's 1984 Ford Bronco II, which was partially submerged in deep mud with the exhaust pipe completely covered.
In the sixties he was a familiar figure, not only in the offices of the Carpenters and Joiners, the London Trades Council or The Bee-Hive, but was also at home in the "Golden Ball" where the most radical of London's workmen talked with continental revolutionaries over a clay pipe and a pot of beer.
The stinger screws into the water main pipe and is held there.
He has also acted with Parker in Saved!, Pipe Dream and The Portrait of a Lady.
Currently, there are over 150 AWWA Standards covering filtration materials, treatment chemicals, disinfection practices, meters, valves, utility management practices, storage tanks, pumps, and ductile iron, steel, concrete, asbestos-cement, and plastic pipe and fittings.
There are brick pilasters, with moulded rendered capitals, to the central section on the south side and in one instance the capital has been modified to accommodate a down pipe.
New credits mast (including new Editor Carlo Jolly, Sub Editor Harold Mayes, Designer Simon Pipe and contributor Mark Ulyatt.
The church contains a three manual pipe organ which was originally installed in 1860 by Forster and Andrews.
In 1874 the council bought a pump and rehabilitated 140 metres of pipe feeding the fountain of repose;
As that video would have cost the band's label, MCA, millions of dollars, an alternative was settled on: the band is performing in a basement when one musician hits a pipe with his guitar, causing the room to flood.
The firing device is activated at the same time with the Selbstschlussventil and is inside the protective pipe.
Niehoff was born in Leeuwarden and served as an apprentice to pipe organ builder Jan van Covelen ().
A small diameter collector pipe will typically have a cleanout access at the far end and will be several hundred feet long, terminating at a manhole.
A run to be inspected will either start from an access pipe leading at an angle down to the sewer and then run downstream to a manhole, or will run between manholes.
Instead, a somewhat rigid "fish" is pushed through the pipe and attached to a rope at the access point near the truck.
The rope is then used to pull the inspection pig and cable through the pipe.
Depending mostly upon the change in conditions from a previous inspection various improvements may be made to the pipe.
A spring south of Pipe Grange feeds a stream which flows east to Leamonsley Brook.
En route for China aboard one of Upward's opium clippers, Dick persuades Jack and Sally to sample their wares, and they savour a pipe dream of paradise.
After being re-fuelled in Perth immediately prior to the fatal flight, the fuel filters in all 4 engines and the fuel drain serving the cross-feed pipe in the wing centre-section were all checked for the presence of water.
Two accidents involving Douglas DC-4s, one approaching Dublin Airport, Ireland, in 1961 and another approaching Stockport Airport, Manchester, United Kingdom, in 1967 were attributed to interruption of fuel supply when engines were supplied from the cross-feed system which was open to an empty fuel tank, allowing air to be drawn into the cross-feed pipe.
He was a lovable absent-minded kind of professor who smoked more matches than he did tobacco in his ever-present pipe while he was deeply involved in thinking about other important matters.
Adah bore Jabal, the ancestor of those who dwell in tents and amidst herds, and Jubal, the ancestor of all who play the lyre and the pipe.
For a diatonic scale, the lower two notes are in the fundamental mode of the reed, and the rest of the range is overblown, exciting the vibratory mode of the resonating pipe.
The members of the group include Annbjørg Lien, a prominent Hardanger fiddle and nyckelharpa (keyed fiddle) player; Arve Moen Bergset, fiddle player and vocalist; flutist Steinar Ofsdal; and pipe organist Bjørn Ole Rasch.
Nouns are in two gender classes, inanimate and animate; the latter includes all persons, animals, spirits, and large trees, and some other objects such as tobacco, maize, apple, raspberry (but not strawberry), calf of leg (but not thigh), stomach, spittle, feather, bird's tail, horn, kettle, pipe for smoking, snowshoe.
The system covers about a third of the city and was built in the late 19th century to carry sanitary sewage and stormwater in the same pipe.
Soil cement is frequently used as a construction material for pipe bedding, slope protection, and road construction as a subbase layer reinforcing and protecting the subgrade.
However, before he can prevent it, Steele is dragged into a pipe by a transparent man.
 John F. Peto – Still life with Mug, Pipe and Book
Pipe, Jr. has served as Director of Athletics since July 2017.
Prior to the installation of a pipe organ, a seraphine and then a harmonium were used for musical accompaniment.
There is also a sump, an L-shaped plastic pipe, with a partly exposed two-foot vertical section and a ten-foot perforated horizontal section underground.
Although the chain pump found use in public works of providing water for urban and palatial pipe systems, it was used largely to lift water from a lower to higher elevation in filling irrigation canals and channels for farmland.
It also had a unique ending sequence that was not shown on syndication prints because it involved the Paramount logo being formed from the smoke of Popeye's pipe.
Chalice - Live At Reggae Sunsplash (1982), Pipe Music
Henry Willis & Sons is a British firm of pipe organ builders founded in 1845.
 David Pipe, racehorse trainer
Harrison & Harrison Ltd is a British company that makes and restores pipe organs, based in Durham and established in 1861.
Casing is a large diameter pipe that is assembled and inserted into a recently drilled section of a borehole.
Pipe of differing strengths often comprises a long casing string, which typically will have the greatest axial tension and perhaps highest internal burst pressure differentials in the upper parts, and the greatest collapsing loads deeper in the well from external pressure vs lowered internal pressure.
Usage of drill pipe protectors.
The Kabazurna, the Cura zurna, the Horn, the Mehter pipe, the clarinet
Major Rhodes (soon Lieutenant Colonel) visited the various companies, limping, complete with stick and pipe.
The ring actually represents a section of a pipe.
It was acquired by Chelyabinsk Pipe Group in 2005.
The underground pipe network above the cisterns was connected to a canal around the external walls.
The theater is also known for its grand Wurlitzer pipe organ.
The services owing by Fulk FitzWarin for a knight's fee held from Corbet at Alberbury had been set forth in a concord of 1248, the Fine for which was recorded in the Great Roll of the Pipe for 1250 and remained unpaid in 1252.
Atlantis conducted patrols in the waters of the Detroit section of the 9th Naval District into the summer and fall, spending much of her time patrolling the "detour passage" off Pipe Island, warning steamers to stay clear of dangerous waters in the vicinity.
The three dream demons, unable to revive him in the real world, fly out of Freddy after the pipe bomb kills him.
The neighbourhood is also home to the Stockbridge Pipe Band, founded in 1994.
A valet rod is a pipe shaped clothes valet which protrudes from a cabinet or similar, and is used as a compact clothes valet.
Gower also constructed a twin hulled catamaran, just ten feet long, on which he mounted a barrel of water that drained to underwater by a curved pipe pointing aft.
Norman destroys the cassette by dropping it into a furnace pipe.
During February 1962, the board of the Suwannee Pipe Line Company met to rename the company.
During September 1988, Colonial replaced 7,700 feet of mainline pipe across the Delaware River at a cost of $10 million.
They include Ocean Motion, Fish Pipe, and Burt the Bull Shark.
However, very long speaking tubes might use an electrical signalling device to indicate a call, as the large volume of air in the pipe would make it difficult to blow with enough pressure to sound a whistle at the far end.
(Local legend has it that gunpowder was hidden in the castle's well, and a spark from a careless French soldier's pipe started the explosion).
The place-name Matfen is first attested in the Pipe Rolls for 1159, where it appears as Matefen.
Ligonier is one of the plants that has its own tubemill which accepts steel coil, gradually rolls it into a pipe and then welds the seam shut.
This newly formed pipe is cut to length and used within the plant or shipped as-is to other Tenneco plants.
Pens are often made of metal pipe, or wood.
It is often less expensive than wood or pipe, has some give if a horse runs into it, and requires relatively little maintenance.
Pipe is often the most expensive fencing option, but is low maintenance and is very strong.
This was followed in 1955 by Rodgers and Hammerstein's musical Pipe Dream, one of the team's less successful ventures.
This allows for the common practice of the parent creating a pipe prior to calling fork() and using it to communicate with the executed program.
It appears as Tursteineston in the Pipe Rolls of 1175.
In particular, to alleviate the chronic water shortage in the capital city, Hargeisa, the administration drilled more wells and installed bigger and rust resistant pipe lines in the Geed Deeble water works and is damming the Humboweyne (Xumboweyne) dry river, north east of Hargeisa.
The second person ever to win both the Pipe and GOB titles in one year.
For this reason, it is connected by a pipe directly to the ground; otherwise presumably a basin was used.
Bob and Bart plummet down the dam's wall, but a protruding pipe stops their fall.
At 200cm, he is a tall, strong man who carries a metal pipe (which he has lovingly named "Mitsuko") as a weapon.
He demonstrates this ability by lighting his pipe without the use of the One Power.
Wet pipe systems are installed where indoor temperatures can he maintained at or above 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Labor's most effective orator prior to Dunstan's entry into politics, O'Halloran was a "decent, heavily built but gentle man who ... wore an air of sleepy benevolence", smoked a pipe and spoke with an Irish brogue.
Created as a unified voice for the athletes, the AFP organized freeskiing competitions in slopestyle, ski half pipe and big air disciplines under consistent guidelines of AFP sanctioned judging and format standards.
Both pipe organs were equipped with enharmonic keyboards, like those of the archicembalo.
When the pipe is appended to a node, it causes a short circuit of the matrix and the player must restart from the beginning.
The device consists of a 3-inch PVC pipe fitted inside a kitchen cabinet at an approximately 30-degree downward angle.
The pipe conveys empty bottles and cans from the kitchen directly into the recycling bin outside.
Below the wavy bend is a silver peace pipe, decorated with gold feathers, which was called a "calumet" by the French explorers that came to the region.
Rockefeller appointed Squire director of the Buckeye Pipe Line Co. on May 24, 1887 (he served until May 26, 1896), and director of the Solar Refining Co. from its inception on December 6, 1886 (he served until June 13, 1892).
Frankie escapes through a sewage pipe and emerges to meet Carly, who had masterminded the whole thing.
One of Richard's duties was to oversee the making of the Pipe rolls, as well as keeping the treasurer from falling asleep.
He also served on the boards of several corporations, including the First Interstate Bank of Fort Collins, the Alabama Power Company, the American Cast Iron Pipe Company, and Fleet Bank.
These are normally the pipe line that discharges to a watercourse, downstream of a combined sewer overflow.
The pipe organ, currently 3 manuals plus pedals, was first built in 1817 and relocated from a west gallery during major restoration and alterations in 1863–4.
During a 1910s excavation for a sewer pipe, stones were unearthed that were suspected to be from the old van der Donck estate.
Many major cities near salt water already pipe in their water from freshwater sources hundreds of miles away like Los Angeles; which is located in the middle of a desert.
 Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume, Bogny-sur-Meuse
He paid for the pipe organ and contributed generously to its building.
and the sound chamber (also called the pipe body,
The more elaborate Morris' dreams about the circus become, the more they depend on the sleepy-looking and innocent Sneelock, who stands outside his ramshackle store sucking on a pipe, oblivious to the fate that awaits him in the depths of Morris's imagination.
Hold up is the cross sectional area occupied by the liquid in the pipe carrying the wet gas flow.
The liquid may be in the form of tiny droplets or the pipe may be filled completely with liquid.
The liquid flows along the bottom of the pipe as gas flows over the top.
Slug flow is where large frothy waves of liquid form a slug that can fill the pipe completely.
Elongated bubble flow  consists of a mostly liquid flow with elongated bubbles present closer to the top of the pipe.
Sampling is where a sample of the wet gas is removed from the pipe line for analysis to determine the constituent components.
ASD design corrects shortcomings of conventional smoke detectors by using a sampling pipe with multiple holes.
In 1940 Bulleid fitted one member of the class with a Lemaître blast pipe in an attempt to improve their efficiency.
Experiments were conducted with underwater foxholes of concrete pipe with steel doors.
In 2014 the pipe organ was rebuilt and expanded to 42 ranks by the A. Thompson-Allen Organ Company of New Haven, Connecticut.
The school has a pipe band, which dates from 1967.
In January 2009, Mercedes-Benz Australia issued a recall on 443 CNG-fuelled OC 500 LE units due to respecified welding specifications for the turbocharger oil supply pipe.
A rendition of the song is played in Pipe Mania for NES whenever a level is failed, or the game is over.
Patrick oversaw pipe work construction in Saudi Arabia in 1983, and retired in 1985.
The game pieces consist of: a deck of 110 pipe cards, a bathtub-shaped card tray, and 10 small metal wrenches.
Leaks are repaired by either placing an intact pipe of the same shape over the leak or placing a wrench on the leak card.
It carried mail for the U.S. Post Office Department, as well as lumber, cement, sand, stone, ashes, pipe, marble for headstones, and granite for curbstones.
Originally a cabinet maker, he taught woodwork on Tory Island before embarking on an apprenticeship with pipe maker Cillian Ó Briain.
Not applicable for a device or named pipe.
(45.72-cm)-diameter pipe beneath the core.
In the light pipe the photons travel outside of the microscope's vacuum chamber to a photomultiplier tube for amplification.
BBC News: On this day -- 7 March 1965: Goldie the eagle evades capture again Includes photo of John Timpson playing bird pipe.
The prisoner tells Sahil that the jail only has one escape route - a sewage gutter pipe that can be accessed from a flush toilet located in an unused chamber of the jail.
 Benmont Tench – organ, piano, harmonium, keyboards, Mellotron, vibraphone, pipe organ, Wurlitzer electric piano
To try to overcome this, gas masks were provided for the crew connected via a pipe to a vent at rail level, but the crews objected to sharing these for reasons of hygiene and continued to use the time-honoured method of covering the nose and mouth with a wet handkerchief.
For a single engine with a propeller in the pusher configuration or a jet engine, a conventional tail requires the propeller or exhaust to be moved far aft, requiring either a very long driveshaft or jet pipe and thus reducing propulsive efficiency.
A flue is a duct, pipe, or opening in a chimney for conveying exhaust gases from a fireplace, furnace, water heater, boiler, or generator to the outdoors.
Arboretum de la Pipe Qui Fume
The BBC logo is viewed as a pipe with pink liquid passing through it, spelling out the 'three'.
A  super pipe is among the best on the continent, and hosted the 2006 USSA Olympic Qualifier.
The residence is currently unoccupied and its allotment boundaries with the exception of Belmore Street boundary have been secured by wire mesh and pipe fencing.
The first pipe organ at Scots' was built in 1883 by Hill and Son.
The parish includes the village  of Pipe and Lyde and the hamlets of Lower Lyde and Upper Lyde.
Burghill was called Burgelle in the Domesday Book, and in Pipe Rolls, 1169, Burchil.
After retiring from football, Cassady became an entrepreneur forming a company manufacturing concrete pipe.
The individual cells of phloem are connected end-to-end, just as the sections of a pipe might be.
The pipe ceremony is one of the Seven Sacred Rites of the Lakota people.
One lucky man, a chief petty officer in the bow, managed to grab a pipe protruding from Wasp, just as Hobsons bow began her descent under the waves and leaped onto Wasp without getting wet.
Brake Mean Effective Pressure (bmep), Power and Torque, Factory Pipe
 Davy Spillane – Uilleann pipe player and founding member of Moving Hearts
The theater's Wurlitzer pipe organ cost $75,000 in 1929.
Schwartz reported seeing another man smoking a pipe nearby at the time, and that this man started walking towards Schwartz, possibly following him, prompting Schwartz to run away.
The walls of the pipe are usually made of metal, or another substance with a high thermal conductivity, to facilitate the interchange, whereas the outer casing of the larger chamber is made of a plastic or coated with thermal insulation, to discourage heat from escaping from the exchanger.
The organ and electric piano content, provided by Medeski, is more experimental and pronounced than in traditional sacred steel music, which originally developed from House of God churches filling the role of a pipe organ with the much less expensive steel guitar.
On 1 June 1974, a pipe failure at the Nypro chemical plant in Flixborough, England, caused a large release of flammable cyclohexane vapour.
An investigation found that a burst gas pipe which was ignited by a coal stove was the initial source; no blame was assigned.
Toad takes The Princess cape to fly up to the pipe and send  for a rescue party.
The player can use his or her left hand to shade or cover the pipe openings, to bend notes or add vibrato.
The RCAF pipe band's full dress uniform is modelled after the uniforms used by Scottish Highland regiments.
Most programming languages have the Boolean operators OR, AND and NOT; in C and some languages inspired by it, these are represented by "||" (double pipe character), "&&" (double ampersand) and "!"
Pressure container with separate inlet and outlet, connectable to a pipe system so that all pressure changes must attempt to pass through said chamber.
In response to the Flint, Michigan water crisis, EPA published revisions to the Lead and Copper Rule on January 15, 2021 addressing testing, pipe replacement and related issues.
Many washing machines in Japan come with an extension pipe to draw water from the tub for the wash.
Cullinan Diamond Mine is a carrot shaped volcanic pipe and has a surface area of .
The pipe allows ammonia gas to move in either direction.
At the time, the idea seemed like a pipe dream with the introduction of the airplane being relatively new.
Moller Pipe Organ Company's Opus 6570 was installed in the church in 1937.
"A Pipe of Patience" - 1928).
Larvae of this species feed on the shell from which they hatched and then start to extract nutrients from pipe vines of the genus Pararistolochia (family Aristolochiaceae), including P. dielsiana and P. schlecteri.
Mesquite Flats north of Stove Pipe Wells (Tukummuttun, former name: Surveyors Well)" in northern Death Valley; Harold Driver's ″o'hya″) 
A crossover exhaust pipe is used to remove exhaust from the left bank of engine cylinders to the right side of the engine compartment.
Both officers were attempting to defuse two pipe bombs in a murder suspect's garage when they both detonated.
Draycote supplies nearby Rugby by pipe and can also feed water back into the River Leam to supply the Leamington Spa area.
The pipe is carved from a distinctive material, Missouri flint clay, and in the same style as other statuettes from the Cahokia site in Collinsville, Illinois.
MFL-ILIs detect and assess areas where the pipe wall may be damaged by corrosion.
The magnets are mounted between the brushes and tool body to create a magnetic circuit along with the pipe wall.
To determine if metal loss is occurring on the internal or external surface of a pipe, a separate eddy current sensor is utilized to indicate wall surface location of the anomaly.
High-resolution MFL tools collect data approximately every 2 mm along the axis of a pipe and this superior resolution allows for a comprehensive analysis of collected signals.
According to The Namibian, 26 pipe bombs were found in a rural area of Cape Province by police searching for the terrorists responsible for the attacks.
While the Hammond organ was originally sold to churches as a lower-cost alternative to the pipe organ, it came to be used for jazz, blues, and then to a greater extent in rock music (in the 1960s and 1970s) and gospel music.
In 2007 on the centenary of the founding of the chapel the original pipe organ was broken up, it being replaced by a new digital organ which was funded in part, by donations from Old Tauntonians.
One of the students (Henry Borden) dresses as a ghost to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost's hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar (substituting for Stan's actual hand).
California Northern would pick up short cuts of cars from Napa Pipe, and assemble the train in Lombard yard, usually filling two tracks.
These waterboxes on inlet side will also have flanged connections for cooling water inlet butterfly valves, small vent pipe with hand valve for air venting at higher level, and hand-operated drain valve at bottom to drain the waterbox for maintenance.
FBE coatings with different properties are available to suit coating application on the main body of pipe, internal surfaces, girth welds as well as on fittings.
Another method of blast cleaning is centrifugal blast cleaning, which is especially used in cleaning the exterior of pipe.
Depending on the FBE coating system, full cure can be achieved in less than one minute to few minutes in case of long cure FBE's, which are used for internal pipe coating applications.
After field welding of the pipe ends, FBE can be applied on the weld area as well.
Although Strathclyde Police was disbanded in 2013, the band still competes as the Greater Glasgow Police Scotland Pipe Band.
Charles Stanton, too weak to leave camp in the morning, sits in the snow, smoking his pipe, and tells the rest of the Hope to go on.
(Tubing is removable pipe installed in the well through which well fluids pass).
The name was originally recorded in the Pipe Rolls of Kent as Leburn.
It is believed that pipe smoking was introduced to Japanese high society, such as the samurai, the Buddhist priest classes and rich merchants.
However, at this point a navvy called Robert Metcalf stepped forward and offered use of his "burning glass" (a piece of glass similar to a magnifying glass) which he used to light his pipe.
Dam-building, road construction, and legal action to protect the watershed began shortly thereafter, and Bull Run water began to flow through a large pipe to the city in 1895.
Koji, driven insane by her monstrous appearance, shoots her and beats her to death with a steel pipe before engaging with Fuminori.
Pipe = n. Dick, penis (profane).
Benwood Works at Benwood, West Virginia, which consisted of 2 pipe mills with slabs supplied from Steubenville Works.
The gang then sets off again for Neptune's Paradise, but unbeknownst to them, Patrick accidentally breaks the oxygen pipe before the rocket tanks are completely filled.
On 6 September 2017, a pipe burst onboard Sun Princess causing flooding to the lower decks affecting passengers in their cabins.
In the 1960s, Fischer began playing the organ again, having studied the pipe organ at sixteen.
Unlike wood stoves, which operate exclusively on a principle of chimney draft, a pellet stove must use a specially sealed exhaust pipe to prevent exhaust gases escaping into the living space due to the air pressure produced by a combustion blower.
Four main companies (Sinarsky Pipe Works, Kamensk-Uralsky Metallurgical Works, SUAL-UAZ and Oktyabr Factory) account for 75% of the total value of industrial production.
Between the High Street and A603 Wimpole Road lies the village's recreation ground, with a full size football pitch, tennis courts, half pipe, children's play area, pavilion, bowls club, car park, dog walks, and rough ground for general recreation.
A chase nipple is a short pipe fitting, which creates a path for wires between two electrical boxes.
ASTM B687-99(2005)e1 Standard Specification for Brass, Copper, and Chromium-Plated Pipe Nipples.
He finds some tobacco from a man filling his pipe and a small piece of paper.
Two teenage boys drowned in Beaumont, after the raft they were riding on capsized and subsequently swept into a drainage pipe.
Problems occur if a thick filter cake is formed; tight hole conditions, poor log quality, stuck pipe, lost circulation and formation damage.
He returned to Paris and met Annie Harper Flagler, daughter of John Haldane Flagler, head of a successful pipe company and one of Andrew Carnegie's partners in the steel business.
Others are metal rods driven into the ground and possibly surrounded by a capped metal or plastic pipe that can be engraved and stamped like disks.
It is the basis for the Necromancer's theme (which often uses an oboe to mimic the rhaita) in The Hobbit, but also appears in its full form, on rhaita and even a pipe organ.
Regimental traditions have survived from each of the constituent cavalry, artillery and rifle units, with a distinctly Scottish element very much in evidence in the uniforms, pipe band and regimental culture to this day.
The original "iron barrel" style engine did this with a hose from the PAV going to the exhaust pipe, the newer (2003–2009) AVL aluminum engine pulses the gas directly into the exhaust port on the head of the engine itself.
Finally, as the house is of ten bays, it has no central focus: this is not an architectural crime, but what is such is that the South front in its centre has a focal point: a drain pipe sited there since the building's completion.
Forced convection is often encountered by engineers designing or analyzing heat exchangers, pipe flow, and flow over a plate at a different temperature than the stream (the case of a shuttle wing during re-entry, for example).
So one can think of introducing a conical or flared section of the pipe as raising the frequencies of the standing waves, and raising the frequencies of the low pitched resonances most of all.
A crook, also sometimes called a shank, is an exchangeable segment of tubing in a natural horn (or other brass instrument, such as a natural trumpet) which is used to change the length of the pipe, altering the fundamental pitch and harmonic series which the instrument can sound, and thus the key in which it plays.
According to a contemporary cartoon, he may have relieved the boredom of long periods of inactivity by smoking his pipe on the field.
422.2 Single reed instruments: The pipe has a single 'reed' consisting of a percussion lamella.
I've Suffered a Head Injury is an EP by The Verve Pipe.
All songs produced by Jon Frazer and The Verve Pipe except "The Freshmen", produced and engineered by Kevin and Debby Brown.
The Maxi featured 1100 designed Hydrolastic units with the regulator valve fitted with the interconnection pipe.
Pipe to the tune of "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", wishing him a "hairy chestwig and a bucket of beards".
Filament winding is well suited to automation, and there are many applications, such as pipe and small pressure vessel that are wound and cured without any human intervention.
The Abbey Church also houses a pipe organ which was rebuilt in 2012.
Charles Benfield began playing the pipe and tabour for the Morris in the 1850s and 'inherited' the instruments from the renowned Sherborne and Northleach musician Jim 'the laddie' Simpson.
He drowned while trying to put up a pipe to cross a main water conduit, saving the Scylla plan.
In the 1999 Harlock Saga OVA, she is refashioned to appear as a more humanoid woman and provided a different back story, making her a member of the Nibelung clan; here, her preferred musical instrument is the pipe organ and somehow possesses the ability to control time.
Rockville High School was the only high school in Maryland that had a pipe band.
 The Rockville High School Pipe Band
It boasts a Regimental Pipe Band and is affiliated to The King's Own Hussars.
In the episode "The North Pole," the real Sahar (who had been posing as Gibbs' new neighbor "Sarah") tortures and kills Ziva's childhood friend Adam Eshel, and traps Ziva under a heavy plumbing pipe, planning to kill first her and then Tali, but is instead shot dead by Gibbs, leaving her son Phineas motherless.
It carries a  pipe that continues one quarter mile offshore through which treated wastewater was pumped into the Pacific Ocean.
Meeker breaks the pipe he was cuffed to and runs through the desert with the briefcase.
Today it is used primarily in specialty applications, such as lutherie, pipe organ building, piano repairs, and antique restoration.
Before the advent of modern geophysical probes, the ideal way to find a kimberlite pipe was to search for "yellow ground", a layer of oxidized kimberlite which is a deep tawny yellow.
The earliest double-reed instrument appears in the late Zhou Dynasty and is referred as hujia (胡笳; literally "reed pipe of Hu people") because it had been introduced from the northwestern region of China.
Meanwhile, the Deltoran Annals (a history of Deltora) are brought back by the chief librarian Josef when he returns from hiding and Lief learns of the Pirran Pipe, the only thing the Shadow Lord fears.
He suggested they divide the pipe into three.
Before they can investigate the Pipe further, Lief and Barda learn from Jinks the acrobat.
Jasmine looks at the talisman and it turns out to be the first piece of the Pirran Pipe.
The three companions travel to the island of Keras and receive the last piece to complete the Pirran Pipe.
Pipe bend is through assigning channel.
It is technically a contrabass in the tabor pipe class.
 Tabor pipe other 3-hole folk flutes
Glasgow also hosts the annual World Pipe Band Championships in August on Glasgow Green, with over 8,000 musicians.
World Pipe Band Championships - major international event held annually on Glasgow Green since 1968.
Developers of the proposed 3,200-unit townhome Napa Pipe project have proposed a private venture shuttle service that would utilize a portion of the NVRR line from the southern terminus of the line north to Redwood Road and Trancas Street.
In addition to a core lineup of musicians playing rock instruments, the recording also features contributions from the strings of Sinfonia of London and the Methodist Central Hall Pipe Organ, which were arranged and conducted by frequent collaborator Brian Gascoigne.
A calabash pipe has a large air chamber beneath the bowl that provides a cooling and mellowing effect.
In fact, most stories, particularly The Adventure of the Copper Beeches, described him as preferring a long-stemmed cherry-wood or a clay pipe.
He apparently gave up tobacco, too, indicating that his pipe was now "purely for show these days."
References to Holmes are plentiful: the protagonist is a bee keeper, is familiar with detectives in London, and smokes a pipe.
However, Hydro-Man appears behind him as he slams a pipe into the Scoop while Spider-Man attacks him.
Jones and Calypso possess a matching set of heart-shaped music-box lockets that play a distinct melody (the latter is a half-step above the former's), and Jones is known to play this melody on his pipe organ.
 Clan Gregor Society Pipe Band
And folks who put me in a passion may find me pipe after another fashion."
In 1994, it established the first Ductile Iron Spun Pipe unit of the Indian sub-continent at Khardah.
Pipe Dreams  (Black Saint)
attached either by a short rigid pipe or a longer flexible hose.
There's still 150km to go pipe down.
Blow football is a table-top game popular in the United Kingdom, where the object is to blow through some kind of pipe causing a small lightweight ball to pass through the opponent's goal, as in other forms of football.
This engine design is less efficient in this primitive form due to its lack of a resonant pipe and thus a lack of reflected compressing and sucking acoustic waves.
Weapons from the previous games are used such as the freezer (slightly improved), flamethrower, RPG, pipe bombs, dynamite, Gatling gun (this time being laser Gatling) and energy weapon, plus new weapons like the sniper rifle, grenade launcher, shrinker and other alien like weapons.
It was later confirmed to be a leak in a Pemex pipe.
A kelly drive is a type of well drilling device on an oil or gas drilling rig that employs a section of pipe with a polygonal (three-, four-, six-, or eight-sided) or splined outer surface, which passes through the matching polygonal or splined kelly (mating) bushing and rotary table.
It is a pipe with either four or six flat sides.
Whether the leader head fits directly into the collecting tank, or is connected to a down pipe first, contaminants and debris such as such as leaves, twigs from trees, and bird and other animal droppings among others, must be kept out of the tanks.
To make it perennial the treated water from Gurugram's Behrampur Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) in Sector 72 will be supplied by a 3.5 km long pipe.
MI6 reportedly infiltrated an Al Qaeda website and replaced the instructions for making a pipe bomb with the recipe for making cupcakes.
The fountain will issue upwards through this pipe.
Water moving up pipe P3 replaces water falling from A into C, closing the loop.
The air in B must not escape through pipe P3 either, which is why P3 must go to the bottom so that the water will seal it.
Here, Hawker spent many hours in contemplation, writing poetry, and smoking his opium pipe.
Artists who have performed at The Ark include The Tallest Man on Earth, Lady Lamb, the Verve Pipe, John Paul White and His Band, Los Lonely Boys, the Milk Carton Kids, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Priscilla Ahn, Tom Paxton, Judy Collins, Arlo Guthrie, The Avett Brothers, Ani DiFranco, Birds of Chicago, The Proclaimers, Mandolin Orange, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, and Lissie.
NOTE: The main news program was also on from 1:00 - 2:00 EST on pipe 2 on weekends.
A plastic pipe can be cut in half lengthwise to make two troughs which can be used as feeders for mash.
In order to hold the reactor contents at the desired temperature, heat has to be added or removed by a cooling jacket or cooling pipe.
Within the channel, the water was transported in a pipe made from terracotta sections, which were  long and  in diameter.
On the third Saturday in September Thropton holds its annual village show in the field on the road leading from Thropton to Snitter with local trade stalls, local crafts, and usually a funfair and a Northumbrian pipe band.
 Garçon à la pipe
Each pipe is engraved with a sound name.
Richard Arundell (died 1758), 2nd son, MP for Knaresborough, Clerk of the Pipe, Surveyor of the Works and Master of the Mint.
The North American Indian carves his wooden fish-hook or his pipe stem just as the Polynesian works patterns on his paddle.
Cartoonists usually depicted him with a niblick in hand, festooned with clumps of heather and saplings, with an inseparable pipe clamped between his teeth.
Alex Duthart (7 October 1925 – 27 November 1986) was a Scottish drummer who revolutionised Scottish pipe band drumming.
In 2016, it replaced the statue with a more true-to-form version of Mario atop of a warp pipe.
The four end up at a huge dam pipe, where Suzanne tricks Big Dog into jumping over into the water.
In the first three years of construction (1956–58), workers installed 3,500 kilometers of pipe, stretching from the Alberta–Saskatchewan border to Toronto and Montreal.
It was only sold in California in 1985, as the RZ350NC, and a second version was sold in late 1985 and 1986 as the RZ350NC2, both of which had an EVAP canister and an additional catalytic converter in the exhaust pipe header to meet California emission regulations.
Pipe Dreams (concerto for flute and strings) (2003)
The slopes were also re-designed during this period to add a half pipe and moguls.
The Ulster Hall features one of the oldest examples of a functioning classic English pipe organ.
The choir loft houses a 3,627 pipe Hook & Hastings organ, Opus 828.
SWMM tracks the quantity and quality of runoff generated within each subcatchment, and the flow rate, flow depth, and quality of water in each pipe and channel during a simulation period divided into multiple time steps.
Beginning in 1915, the Tulsa World fought an editorial battle advocating a proposal to build a reservoir on Spavinaw Creek and pipe the water 55 miles to Tulsa.
It was called the largest Wurlitzer pipe organ in any operating theater in the world at that time.
His home contained two organs, a church-style Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ upstairs which was dedicated by Virgil Fox and a Wurlitzer theatre organ downstairs in the theatre, which was equipped with professional recording equipment.
This gas is then emitted in the aerial part of the pipe and can impact the structure in two ways: either directly by reacting with the material and leading to a decrease in pH, or indirectly through its
He traveled southeast through Pipe Springs, crossed the Buckskin Mountain (Kaibab Plateau), and forded the Colorado River at the Crossing of the Fathers which is now under Lake Powell at Padre Bay.
The tower design was a Texas Tower, a very strong steel pipe structure based on the oil platforms built for use in the Gulf of Mexico.
The album spawned two number-one and two top-10 album-oriented rock (AOR) hits, including “Peace Pipe,” named by Billboard as one of the “top 50 AOR songs of all time.”  Following a second Columbia release, Diamonds and Debris, and another Freed-penned AOR hit, the band was dissolved.
2,500 dollars was eventually provided in 1882  Inspections had begun in 1882 and by the end of the year 9,871 inspections had been completed   The law required that only iron pipe be used.
There were standards for pipe material in both ordinances.
As noted above, the San Jose plumbing ordinance does not list lead as an approved pipe material which is similar to the Los Angeles ordinance however the Los Angeles ordinance does allow for some lead materials in certain situations.
Additionally, he continued his interest in his love of Pipe organs and the music they create as his Coral Gables home was built around one back in the mid 1960's.
As in Ludo, one does need to roll the exact number of spaces left to get home, and if a player's pieces are in the tube (or pipe, though the Navy uses blunter terminology) then they cannot be attacked unless they are playing WAFU rules by invoking the "suckback" or "blowback" procedure.
The current pipe organ was installed in 2014 and was salvaged from a church in Munich.
In 1965, while Carmichael Auditorium (the new home for varsity men's basketball) was delayed in finishing due to various reasons, one of which was a broken water pipe, the men's varsity team practiced in the Tin Can.
Odell is the pipe organ building firm founded by John Henry and Caleb Sherwood Odell in New York City in 1859.
In December 2002 Edward left Austin to transition the Odell firm to a full-time concern with suitable resources and facilities for complete pipe organ manufacture.
 Peter Collins (organ builder) (1941–2015), English pipe organ builder
Members of the pipe band also served as stretcher bearers for the regiment for the duration of the war during the war.
The Luitpold Hall (Luitpoldhalle) (built 1906) had an outline of  featured 76 loudspeakers, 42 spotlights, the largest pipe organ in Germany and could seat 16,000 people.
A fully playable virtual version of this pipe organ was developed for use with Hauptwerk in 2008.
The gas line is made of  diameter pipe, and can deliver up to  per day.
On March 6, 2002, at Jeffersonville, Kentucky, a TGP pipe manufactured in 1950 ruptured at a compressor station, causing a fire and explosion.
The pipe was manufactured in 1956.
What made the situation so critical was the pressure and amount of gas flowing through the pipe.
Investigation found the pipe had a crack 52 inches long and about half an inch wide.
The cause was a failed repair sleeve installed over a wrinkle bend a 57-inch long fracture in the pipe and a 61-inch long fracture in the repair sleeve.
The pipe was manufactured in 1947.
The kiseru, a smoking pipe carried in a container, and the netsuke, a toggle on a container, were often decorated with fine ivory carvings of animals and legendary creatures.
The Pipe Roll for 1195 has an addendum showing accounts for the royal silver mine at Carreghofa, which was administered by Joseph Aaron, the archbishop's clerk.
Bender is not damaged, but Fry is impaled by a large pipe.
The university features outdoor tennis courts and a historic chapel equipped with a pipe organ imported from France in 1983.
In the context of traditional gunsmithing, one way to make gun barrels has been to make them from skelp, like one would make other pipe or tubing.
Another nephew was Richard, who in 1130 is recorded in the Pipe Roll as paying a fine to the king because of land that his uncle had given him.
Clients include Altiras Chemical LLC, CFS Sauer Foods Inc., IFF Nutrition and Health, deElliotte Company Inc., Steel and Pipe Supply Company Inc., Cedar Creek LLC, Wausau Supply and JBS Swift.
In November 1982, two years after the steel pipe plant was built, Hyundai Hysco was awarded the 'US$100 Million Export Tower' in November 1982.
After taking the largest market share in the steel pipe industry, they entered the market for cold rolled products, which require the highest level of technology among other sectors of the steel industries.
Lastly Hysco operates ASPI office in India to produce automotive pipe with Sumitomo.
The height to which a hand pump will lift is governed by the ability of the pump and the operator to lift the weight in the delivery pipe.
Groucho, dressed in a tutu and long underwear and smoking a pipe, enters from behind the curtain—an intentionally bad Fairy Godmother impersonation.
The name 'Yearsley' is recorded in the Domesday Book as 'Eureslage' and then, in the Pipe Rolls of 1176, as 'Euereslai'.
The oil in the container was connected to a hydraulic pump through a small pipe.
Rubber can also be so completely vulcanized that it becomes a rigid solid, so hard it can be used as the bit in a smoking pipe.
The laying of the first line was completed on 4 May 2011 (the last pipe put in place), while all underwater works on the first line were completed on 21 June 2011.
Efficient and effective land cultivation was of prime importance and therefore improvements of water pipe systems obviously meant that they no longer had to depend on it.
Cain leaves the village, unaware that he has damaged the show home's gas pipe.
When she asks Darren to fix a broken pipe for her, she knocks him out and ties him to a radiator.
However, during decommissioning when technicians attempted to drain the tank they were unable to do so due to a corroded pipe.
Read and write IO operations on the pipe are performed with the standard IO facility API functions ReadFile and WriteFile.
Five prisoners - Teapot (Sammo Hung), Curly (John Sham), Exhaust Pipe (Richard Ng), Vaseline (Charlie Chin), and Rookie (Stanley Fung) meet in their cell to form a friendship.
and the Nord C1 Organ, a dual manual instrument containing the organ section from the Nord Electro 3, to which an emulation of a baroque pipe organ was added in 2009.
Illustration of a Kuda-kitsune emerging from a pipe
The addition of stereotypical Orientalist motifs, such as the narghile pipe, charcoal burner, and the odalisques pose.
 Scourge of War: Pipe Creek
Students may join the Pipe Band from the age of 9, with lessons available for interested students from year 3 onwards.
The single trail resembled a pipe and was meant to be strong, light, easy to maneuver and easy to work around.
It consisted of a simple metal pipe that was set in a ground at a 45-degree angle.
Initial attempts to provide MWD and LWD date back to the 1920s, and attempts were made prior to WW2 with mud pulse, wired pipe, acoustic and electromagnetics.
In this case, it is necessary to use methods different from mud pulse telemetry, such as electromagnetic waves propagating through the formation or wired drill pipe telemetry.
They swim to shore, where the woman hits the leg of her fellow passenger with a pipe.
Instead, a pipe can be driven horizontally into the spring.
 Vessel skirts and pipe bridges in an oil refinery or chemical plant to keep the structural steel below critical temperature ca.
I should be 5' 8", 142 pounds, wear patches on my elbows and horn-rimmed glasses and smoke a pipe.
The band's pipe major is Peter MacKenzie.
However, instead of preparing the tree to receive a pipe or tap, the tree is gashed with an inch-wide curved blade, called a "hack," to remove all of the bark down through the cambium layer.
On 18 March 1892, the main steam pipe in her aft boiler room burst, scalding several men with heated steam; five men were killed in the accident, and the ship was forced to return to port for repairs.
Troubled Souls is similar to Pipe Mania.
The theatre was also home to the Alhambra Pipe Organ'', an organ of fifteen ranks built by the Robert Morton Organ Company in 1927.
On December 18, 1989, Ms. Dennis was one of four persons who received a pipe bomb addressed to the local branch of the NAACP.
When Speedy enters the pipe, George fires a skyrocket in behind him, the idea being to force Speedy out into the path of the mallet.
George starts shoving a lot of dynamite into the pipe, resulting in a mountain of TNT piling up behind him and Benny.
 Hollow pipe drainage: Sir Hew Dalrymple, Lord Drummore (1700–1753)
The lower platform was fitted with inter-connected hydraulic buffers - the arriving down car would push the water from its pair of buffers through a narrow pipe into the opposite pair, thus setting them for the next descending car.
It was one of the first uses of electronic sounds to enhance an existing pipe organ.
The house was served via gas pipe from Pearl Street.
A specification of the organs can be found at the National Pipe Organ Register.
The upstream section of a water tunnels generally consists of a pipe (outlet from the pump) with several holes along its side and with the end open followed by a series of coarse and fine screens to even the flow before the contraction into the test section.
Note that the air molecules near the closed ends cannot move, whereas the molecules near the center of the pipe move freely.
In the two diagrams below are shown the first three resonances of the pressure wave in a cylindrical tube, with antinodes at the closed end of the pipe.
An open conical tube, that is, one in the shape of a frustum of a cone with both ends open, will have resonant frequencies approximately equal to those of an open cylindrical pipe of the same length.
A generation after settlement, there were printing presses and pipe organs being installed.
The enterprise built several new facilities, including an electric-welded pipe and limekiln department, two machines for continuous casting of purveyances, setting for the complex lapping of steel and energetic block in a converter to the workshop, modernisation and reconstruction of equipment is conducted in most base workshops.
The village is the home of the Annsborough Pipe Band.
Pipe organ & other stage devices designed to support an orchestra
He also advised US Special Forces instructors training the mujahideen to use irregular warfare methods against the Soviets, telling the trainers: "Teach the mujahideen how to kill: pipe bombs, car bombs.
Isolated metal objects, including metal fittings fed by plastic pipe, are not required to be bonded.
The funnel receives water and forces it out by pneumatic pressure through a pipe.
Inside the ballroom was a painted and gilted modern center table with a marble top, in addition to the main attraction at the rear of the room: the pipe organ.
In 1927 Lilly had a Tudor Revival-style, private performance hall built in the orchard and had a custom-built pipe organ installed.
In response to a heavy rainfall event in May 2010 which resulted in land movement and 28 insurance claims on Haven Street the Earthquake Commission in August of that same year installed 250 metres  of drainage pipe to relieve the build-up of underground water.
Pipe smoking involves significant health risks, particularly oral cancer.
Second-hand smoke is a mixture of smoke from the burning end of a cigarette, pipe or cigar, and the smoke exhaled from the lungs of smokers.
March 30, 2014: A robbery and shootout occurred when the Martilyo Gang, a local criminal group specializing in robbing stores by smashing and stealing valuables using hammers, robbed a jewelry store using pipe wrenches instead of hammers in the department store on the first floor.
Soon after taking charge of Ogilvy's, he added a fifth floor to the building and opened Tudor Hall, a 300-seat oak-panelled music hall that featured an elaborate pipe organ.
Without the support of a choir or pipe organ (both forbidden) the precentor had to teach and intonate the melodies.
Named as such due to a pipe which runs under the field and is exposed towards one end.
 Turkish  ("stick") became  ("the tube of a hookah") and now is "bribe", since, like a pipe, it is offered to ease a deal.
An organ symphony is a piece for solo pipe organ in various movements.
The Organ was rebuilt by Harrison and Harrison in 2010; Details of the organ from the National Pipe Organ Register
One half-ray was sent in the transverse direction into a heavy walled steel pipe terminated with lead plugs.
Rescue workers tapped on the inserted air pipe, and at 5:12a.m.
a special pen-shaped, two-way communication device was lowered into the 6-inch air pipe, with a child's glow stick attached to it for visibility in the dark mine.
It started because Peter inadvertently hit the match-box for Wallace's pipe when killing the wasp.
 Głos, Akordeon, Trąbka, Harfa, Fujarka - Bogdan W. Raczynski (voice, accordion, trumpet, harp, pipe - Bogdan W. Raczynski)
Eleven point eight kilometres of water distribution pipe serve 275 households.
In the end the unlucky motorist is left with almost nothing, a handful of nuts or even the smoke from the exhaust pipe.
The pipe organ dates from 1875 and was built by William Hill and Son.
The fugitives reorganized, the council of warriors nominating Little Hawk as the Pipe Owner for the projected flight.
However, some implementations may utilize bolt on climbing holds or sections of pipe.
The SE was fitted with an imported 'Torqueflite' 727 transmission, Chrysler further watered down engine performance by using a single pipe exhaust system.
Beneath this exterior were such modern conveniences as an electrical generator, an internal telephone system with 21 stations, a built-in vacuum cleaning system, a central clock network, an elevator, and a great Aeolian pipe organ.
 450 feet of pipe
They trace the pipe to the 'Grey Door' and go to see what it is.
2010: The Package (U19) – David Pipe
The GB team had four competitors in the snowboarding events at the Olympics in 2006, with veteran competitor Lesley McKenna falling in both runs of the half pipe alongside first-time Olympians Kate Foster and Daniel Wakeham.
Although parallettes can be purchased from a number of commercial sources, they are simple to fabricate from commonly available materials such as PVC pipe.
It takes energy to push a fluid through a pipe, and Antoine de Chézy discovered that the hydraulic head loss was proportional to the velocity squared.
However they replaced J. S. Zamecnik's full orchestral score with a new pipe organ score.
Mineral deposits associated with the Elkhorn Mountains Volcanics include those mined at Elkhorn, Montana, now a ghost town, and gold at the Golden Sunlight Mine near Whitehall, which is associated with a breccia pipe in the volcanics.
The 2006 blackout was followed by a steam pipe explosion in 2007 and two fatal gas explosions in Queens in 2007 and 2009.
Each pipe contains a free reed, which is also made of bamboo.
Although many commercial versions are available, these devices are frequently constructed of spare pipe when the cistern is initially installed or thereafter.
n° 24: The pipe shop, Au Caïd, has been on this corner (with Rue Pierre Sarrazin) since 1878.
On his death in 15 BC, the villa was bequeathed to Augustus, and remained in imperial possession for his successors at least until Hadrian, as witnessed by a stamped water pipe.
 Andrew Pipe, builder, 1999
When not working in tunnels, the steam was directed to the blast pipe and up the chimney in the usual way.
1918: Mademoiselle Nom d'une pipe (Georges Duval, Paris, Palais Royal
Essentially, the exhaust pipe of the vehicle is restricted by a valve.
 A Pipe Organ Recital Plus One (Bellaphon, 1996)
The designers neglected to take into account the tendency of PVC pipe to expand in heat.
He thought that a pipe organ should be able to imitate the instruments of an orchestra, and that the console should be detachable from the organ.
It houses a pipe organ constructed by Casavant Frères of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec.
This organ, "in all probability the first and only Gothic organ with a thirty-two-foot principal (deepest pipe, 11 metres long) in the western world of the time",  was repeatedly expanded and rebuilt over the centuries.
On 28 February 2013, the incomplete bridge being built by the Selangor State Development Corporation at the interchange to Bandar Nusaputra on the Putrajaya Link collapsed due to a water pipe leak.
A specification and photographs of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
All but ten of the C1-B ships had steam turbine engines; these were all built at Seattle-Tacoma SB Corp., Tacoma, Washington and Western Pipe & Steel Co., San Francisco, California, with each producing five ships.
It can also be used for structural applications; hollow pipe is far stiffer per unit weight than solid members.
Depending on the applicable standard to which it is manufactured, pipe is generally specified by a nominal diameter with a constant outside diameter (OD) and a schedule that defines the thickness.
Many industrial and government standards exist for the production of pipe and tubing.
Handrails, scaffolding, and support structures are often constructed from structural pipe, especially in an industrial environment.
Seamless (SMLS) pipe is formed by drawing a solid billet over a piercing rod to create the hollow shell in a process called rotary piercing.
Welded pipe is formed by rolling plate and welding the seam (usually by Electric resistance welding ("ERW"), or Electric Fusion Welding ("EFW")).
In this process, the current to weld the pipe is applied by means of an induction coil around the tube.
Aluminum pipe or tubing may be utilized where iron is incompatible with the service fluid or where weight is a concern; aluminum is also used for heat transfer tubing such as in refrigerant systems.
Pipe may be made from concrete or ceramic, usually for low-pressure applications such as gravity flow or drainage.
Usually such pipe will have a receiving bell or a stepped fitting, with various sealing methods applied at installation.
Pipe sizes can be confusing because the terminology may relate to historical dimensions.
Initially, a half inch pipe did have an inner diameter of —but it also had thick walls.
The history of copper pipe is similar.
Consequently, a  copper pipe had a  outside diameter.
Pipe sizes are specified by a number of national and international standards, including API 5L, ANSI/ASME B36.10M and B36.19M in the US, BS 1600 and BS EN 10255 in the United Kingdom and Europe.
The North American method is called NPS ("Nominal Pipe Size") and is based on inches (also frequently referred to as NB ("Nominal Bore")).
For example, NPS 2 inch and DN 50 are the same pipe, but the actual OD is .
Steel pipe has been produced for about 150 years.
Many different standards exist for pipe sizes, and their prevalence varies depending on industry and geographical area.
In the early twentieth century, American pipe was sized by inside diameter.
Pipe sizes are documented by a number of standards, including API 5L, ANSI/ASME B36.10M (Table 1) in the US, and BS 1600 and BS 1387 in the United Kingdom.
The pipe wall thickness has a variance of approximately 12.5 percent.
The Iron pipe size (IPS) is an older system still used by some manufacturers and legacy drawings and equipment.
Agricultural applications use PIP sizes, which stands for Plastic Irrigation Pipe.
A heat of pipe is all forged from the same cast ingot, and therefore had the same chemical composition.
Some widely used pipe standards or piping classes are:
Typically, pipe smaller than  are not pre-fabricated.
They are typically temporarily supported in the steel structure using beam clamps, straps, and small hoists until the pipe supports are attached or otherwise secured.
However, during a plant outage or shutdown, the small (small bore) pipe may also be pre-fabricated to expedite installation during the outage.
The most common process pipe joint is the butt weld.
If frequent disconnection will be required, gasketed pipe flanges or union fittings provide better reliability than threads.
Push-on joints are available on most types of pipe.
A broad variety of standardized pipe fittings are available; they are generally broken down into either a tee, an elbow, a branch, a reducer/enlarger, or a wye.
In some cases, where care has been taken in the manufacture, storage, and installation of pipe and tubing, the lines are blown clean with compressed air or nitrogen.
Steel pipe is still used in many homes and businesses to convey natural gas or propane fuel, and is a popular choice in fire sprinkler systems due to its high heat resistance.
Other variations of steel pipe include various stainless steel and chrome alloys.
It must however be marked (either painted yellow or yellow banding attached at certain intervals) and certain restrictions apply to which nominal pipe size (NPS) can be put through walls and buildings.
St Paul's was upgraded to cathedral status in 1973 and a satisfactory 2-manual Casavant Frères pipe organ built in it in 1974.
It was ported to several other platforms by Lucasfilm Games as Pipe Dream; the company distributed the game in the US.
In 1990, it was released as an arcade game by Japanese manufacturer Video System Co. Ltd., though with slightly altered gameplay, giving the player the task to connect a source and drain with the random pipe pieces.
Using a variety of pipe pieces presented randomly in a queue, the player must construct a path from the start piece for the onrushing sewer slime, or "flooz" (the 1991 Windows version's help files refer to it as "goo"), which begins flowing after a time delay from the start of the round.
On higher levels, some special pipe pieces appear in the game, such as reservoirs, one-way sections, and bonus sections.
In Japan, Game Machine listed the arcade version of Pipe Mania on their November 1, 1990 issue as being the most-successful table arcade unit of the month.
The editors of Game Player's PC Strategy Guide gave Pipe Dream their 1989 "Best PC Strategy Game" award.
Alien Swarm, Saints Row IV and Warframe also use Pipe Dream-like minigames to represent hacking tasks.
The North Korean game Railway Assemblage (Chosongul:렬차길 맞추기 Hanja:列車길 맞추기), sponsored by North Korean propaganda regime Uriminzokkiri (Chosongul:우리민족끼리) and released on December 9, 2006, includes a simplified version of Pipe Mania.
The neural network is constructed by connecting adaptive filter components in a pipe filter flow.
During the mid-1930s, an air-cooling system was installed which forced the removal of the pipe organ.
 A type of pipe organ stop
Pipe 2 has some obstructions (welding remains, a reducer, changes in area, sharp bends, etc.)
The inlet grate for the  water pipe that is used to transport the water can be seen immediately upstream from the sensory garden in Cheddar Gorge.
The structure once contained a bomb shelter that could be accessed through "The Tunnel" located in the basement level of A and B Buildings as the boiler room's pipe tunnels were designed to serve as bomb shelters.
In the summer of 1976, Brother Roger Chingas led a group of students in dismantling an Opus One pipe organ which was about to be destroyed in a church in Albany NY.
1903: Le Chien et la Pipe
Clear Light of Jupiter was owned by Jeremy Fiebiger (also owner of a record store, Pipe Imports) and two business partners, Daniel and Charlie O'Halloran.
A53 - structural pipe and tubing.
A501 - structural pipe and tubing.
A618 - structural pipe and tubing.
Black & Mild is a machine-made, pipe tobacco cigar.
 Crime Doctor (1943) as Detective with Pipe (uncredited)
He was told by the surviving suspects that deputies had beaten them while making them stand on broken glass, hands tied to a pipe above their heads.
Linked components enable a signal flow creating a pipe filter machine.
This allowed the construction of new pipe organs without any physical linkages whatsoever.
In the years after the advent of the transistor, and later, integrated circuits and microprocessors, miles of wiring and electro-pneumatic relays have given way to electronic and computerized control and relay systems, which have made the control of pipe organs much more efficient.
Some individuals were gifted a right to draw overflow water gratis, as a State honour or grant; pipe stamps show that around half Rome's water grants were given to elite, extremely wealthy citizens of the senatorial class.
The primary game pieces were called "Tetras" which are tetrahedra made from  PVC pipe  long.
The front-mounted roll bar, which replaced the front folding windshield, was made from threaded heavy-gauge pipe.
 Peace Pipe (Redbone album), 2005; originally titled One World
The church's pipe organ, installed in 2004, was designed by the same builder of organs at Walt Disney Concert Hall and the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels, and is also featured in the musical events.
The Kulas Musical Arts Building was constructed, housing a $25,000 pipe organ.
The fire started in an electrical cabinet after a diesel pipe running over it had cracked.
On 11 July 2009, at a concert at the Halifax Common, he played the song accompanied by the 78th Highlanders (Halifax Citadel) Pipe Band.
He played the song at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, on 8 and 9 August 2010 with the Paris Port Dover Pipe Band.
On 19 and 20 April 2016, he performed "Mull of Kintyre" during the One on One tour in the Rogers Arena in Vancouver, British Columbia, again, with the Delta Police Pipe Band.
Brisbane Boys' College maintains the tradition of conducting a pipe band, which plays at public events such as the annual ANZAC Day March in Brisbane and the 2018 Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo in Edinburgh and in the special 2019 Sydney Tattoo.
", citing an ad slogan of that era for the Sir Walter Raleigh pipe tobacco manufactured by the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company.
Water travels  in a  steel pipe (originally wood) to power two turbines which combined can generate 44 megawatts of power.
After leaving football, Parker was an executive with the Interprovincial Steel & Pipe Corporation, Ltd.
Near The Burg (an 18th-century home) lies the Romney Spring which flows from a PVC pipe at the foot of the gap which is visited daily by its patrons along the side of U.S. Route 50.
On December 10, 1994, a pipe break at Pickering reactor 2 resulted in a major loss of coolant accident and a spill of 185 tonnes of heavy water.
Monte Cristi Pipe Wreck
The most recent pipe organ is the Casavant in First Christian Reformed in Langley.
Also, The exhaust pipe of 412 was slightly larger in diameter.
 putting a band of thin sheet steel around a tear in a pipe, bound on by clamps.
1B ceremonial dress) are worn by the Canadian Army, RCAF pipe bands, and cadets of the Royal Military College of Canada.
Air Force pipe bands are the only RCAF units authorized to wear full-dress uniform.
 The Dutch Master (1993, Short) (Susan Seidelman) - Dutch Man with Pipe
The Drum Buddy is outfitted with a light fixture on a periscopic pipe fixed to its base.
The pipe organ in the “Wiener Saal” small concert hall, invisibly located in an organ chamber above the stage, was built in 1914 by Rieger with 25 stops and electro-pneumatic action.
The Monster (Bob Pipe, 2015) - composer
 National Pipe Organ Register – Details of the Doncaster Schulze
There was once a pipe organ installed by Parisian organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll in this church.
A  diameter pipe through the dam leads to the pumping station while a larger one is used to remove silt collecting against the dam.
Within the Tamar River Conservation area is proposed the construction of a large and associated warehouse and wharf as well as the insertion of a supply pipe to be 'jet trenched' into the bed of the River.
A vent pipe and fan are used to draw the radon from under the sheet and vent it to the outdoors.
In addition to this 300 children from Primary 4 to senior sixth Form play in school orchestras and bands (including Pipe Band and Jazz Band).
Storm drains and sanitary sewers are relined instead of replaced eliminating the need for excavations and new pipe.
Artifacts recovered in 2009 included a brass finger ring set with a faceted green glass stone, French style gunflints, brass arrow points (including a very rare stemmed type), a brass and iron hook about  long, a stone tobacco pipe, a number of glass and ceramic beads, and two butt plates from French muskets dated to between 1699 and 1745.
McLoughlin tries to keep Jimeno awake by encouraging him to repeatedly pull on a metal pipe that potential rescuers might hear.
On 30 May 2009, Unit 1 of the Romania's Cernavodă NPP was shut down following a water pipe crack.
Sugarbush has chosen not to build a half pipe in recent years, though it has the capability to do so.
In his pioneering 1894-1900 research on microwaves, Jagadish Chandra Bose used short lengths of pipe to conduct the waves, so some sources credit him with inventing the waveguide.
A dielectric waveguide employs a solid dielectric rod rather than a hollow pipe.
These organs were sold for use in private homes and in churches; electric and electronic organs were popular for churches, because they cost significantly less than a pipe organ.
Even the delinquent ones are thoroughly good eggs underneath while David Powlett-Jones is an absolute saint who can set any troubled child on the right path, including the bed-wetters and illicit pipe smokers!
At microwave frequencies ordinary types of transmission line have excessive power losses, so for low losses microwaves must be carried by waveguide, a hollow metal pipe which conducts the radio waves.
He notices that rainbows appear always opposite to the Sun, that they appear in water sprayed by a rower, in the water spat by a fuller on clothes stretched on pegs or by water sprayed through a small hole in a burst pipe.
It is a small spring, enclosed in sandstone, that has an outflow pipe.
This particular bell's flue pipe has a design of the dragon's tail entwined around it and is topped with a lotus flower.
 Pipe Music: "Spaidsearachd Mhic nan Cearda ("The Sinclair's March")
This downgraded the role of the house pipe organ, which was occasionally used during intermissions and other programs.
In its more recent history the theater has shown classical plays and live musical performances; many Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ performances, classic and documentary films as well as children's films.
At the inquest, the doctors and police reveal that Paul was killed by carbon monoxide inhalation, the pipe having been used to connect the exhaust of Mike's car to the vault ventilator.
The Excelsior Mill is fondly remembered by blues fans as the residence in later years of blues legend Willie "Piano Red" Perryman and an in-house pipe organ.
John Ellis – piano, Hammond organ, Fender Rhodes, Mellotron, clavinet, saxophone, bass clarinet, snake charmer's pipe
The explosion occurred at the Addressograph Multigraph building at 248 Slater Street when natural gas seeped into an unused manufactured gas pipe system and into the building.
A large crater was created and two sections of pipe broke from the system, with one section being ejected approximately 150 metres from the rupture site.
A large crater was created, and one piece of the Nig Creek pipe was ejected along with other debris to approximately 20 m from the rupture site.
The explosion is believed to have been caused by attempts to puncture the pipe to steal oil.
As you approach the entrance to the presbytery and the sacristy is another side chapel, commissioned by Prince Piero Ginori Conti (chapel Ginori) in the late nineteenth century It was consecrated by the bishop Emanuele Mignone in 1939, and sporting the second pipe organ.
He was the son of Edward Wolf, a London pipe manufacturer, and his wife Céline (born Redlich).
Monadnocks side armor was struck five times during the battle with little damage inflicted; the turrets and the ventilation pipe were also hit five times with no damage recorded.
The original antenna tower for FM transmissions was erected atop Bill Hall on the Connecticut College campus using a World War II air raid siren tower as its base, modified by Connecticut College maintenance staff to hold a steel pipe which acted as an antenna mast.
"Make a Deal with the City" by East River Pipe
Lodging house residents worked at "menial tasks involved with building industrial plants and street railroads, paving streets, laying pipe and wire for gas and electric systems, and erecting new buildings" and working at "docks, warehouses, and factories".
The authorities during the British Raj found the hygiene of the stepwells less than desirable and installed pipe and pump systems to replace their purpose.
He drove back the British infantry in confusion, but they rallied, inspired by Hamilton (and reportedly, a bugler of the Manchesters and a Pipe Major of the Gordons) and charged again.
It stands roughly five feet tall and has a pipe on either side, from which water continuously flows out of and into ground level drainage basins.
 VTun, Ethernet/IP/serial/Unix pipe over TCP; encrypted, compressed, traffic-shaping
In hydraulic engineering, a gate is a rotating or sliding structure, supported by hinges or by a rotating horizontal or vertical axis, that can be located at an extreme of a large pipe or canal in order to control the flow of water or any fluid from one side to the other.
The program included education of people in affected areas that the disease was caused by larvae in drinking water, isolation and support for sufferers, and – crucially – widespread distribution of net filters and pipe filters for drinking water, and education about the importance of using them.
Generally, a hole in a given position doesn't reduce the effective length quite as much as cutting the pipe at that position would, and the smaller the hole, the less it reduces the effective length when open.
He preferred to relax and smoke his redstone pipe and wait his call to the big dining room.
Hot blown glass was cut open opposite the pipe, then rapidly spun on a table before it could cool.
The specifications of both organs can be found on the National Pipe 
During the group's Christmas holiday break in 1995, a pipe had burst in the Electric Palace studio, destroying thousands of dollars of equipment.
Such a system has mostly been replaced either by a central wort-collection vessel or the arrangement of outlet ports into concentric zones, with each zone having a ring-shaped collection pipe.
Split straws are prepared with the aid of a small instrument having a projecting point which enters the straw pipe, and from which radiate the number of knife-edged cutters into which the straw is to be split.
He built the first 500-ton blast furnace in Germany, the first 100-ton Martin furnace, and the first large tube (iron pipe size) works.
C. B. Fisk, Inc. is a company in Gloucester in the U.S. state of Massachusetts that designs and builds mechanical action pipe organs.
Physical loss is the volume of water that was lost through the pipe leakages and could not be consumed by the population.
Small- to medium-sized circulator pumps are usually supported entirely by the pipe flanges that join them to the rest of the hydronic plumbing.
 Pipe wrench, often incorrectly called a monkey wrench
Their largest concert hall organ -- indeed the "oldest unaltered four-keyboard pipe organ in the Western hemisphere located at its installation site" -- was installed in 1864 at Mechanics Hall (Worcester, MA).
Details about many of their instruments are also available in the Pipe Organ Database, operated by the Organ Historical Society.
Tellers Organ Company was a manufacturer of pipe organs in Erie, Pennsylvania.
The Wangerin Organ Company (1912-1942) was a manufacturer of pipe organs based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
These products are suitable for use in plastic pipe firestops as well as exterior steel fireproofing.
Shortly after the end of the war, in 1945, Consolidated Steel bought the assets of the Western Pipe and Steel Company of California, another wartime shipbuilding firm, for a sum in excess of $6.2 million.
Jeeves advises that Bertie escape by climbing down a water pipe, but Bertie, inspired by Esmond's example, goes to face her.
In 2014, a section of the river that was previously concealed in a pipe was uncovered by the Wildlife Trust and the Environment Agency at Penk Rise Park.
The four from Newtownbutler are: Feaugh Pipe Band; Loughkillygreen Accordion Band; Newtownbutler Flute Band; and Wattlebridge Accordion Band.
A yearly free organ recital is held at Saint Francis of Assisi Catholic Church, Milwaukee on the first Sunday of November to showcase its 1885 Schuelke pipe organ.
A monument was constructed in his honor with a steel statue depicting him with the eagle feather bonnet and ceremonial pipe, symbolizing his brave leadership and his commitment to peace.
Offenders may still be arrested for under 1/2 an ounce or a pipe if they are in a school zone and there is a mandatory minimum sentence (MMS) of 3 years.
The branches are translated into pipe and rod.
In 1964 there was discovery of important archeological materials in La Dehesa, some of the most important of which were five tembetás, Aconcagua salmón and a fragmented pipe of Mapuche origin.
or Sch., for example – "2-inch diameter pipe, Schedule 40").
At that time only a small selection of wall thicknesses were in use: standard weight (STD), extra-strong (XS), and double extra-strong (XXS), based on the iron pipe size (IPS) system of the day.
For example, the OD of an NPS 12 pipe is actually .
If the inner pipe dimension is to be measured then the weld bead should be subtracted, if welding is applicable.
However stainless steel pipe can also be available in other schedules.
As per ASME B36.10M -2018 Pipe wall thickness are rounded to nearest , while converting Wall Thickness from inch to mm.
It also obtained a pipe organ built by Norman and Beard of Norwich which was used for daily assemblies.
Awareness of the risk of increased runoff leading to further flooding events lead to various proposals for flood mitigation in the 1950s and 1960s, including converting the river to a concrete-lined channel, or an underground storm-water pipe below a major highway.
Her Majesty's Canadian Ships and visiting warships when entering or leaving Halifax Harbour and passing the Halifax Memorial between Colours (0800 hours and sunset) pipe the Still to render honours.
20 April: Around 60% of the population of San Salvador de Jujuy (some 200,000 inhabitants) are left without water by the collapse of a master pipe.
Its other labs include Petroleum Analytical Laboratories, an Outdoor Testing Facility, a Biofuels Test Centre, a Fermentation Pilot Plant, a Pipe Flow Technology Centre, a 3D Virtual Reality Centre, a diamond testing facility and a natural gas vehicles facility.
South Cheshire Pipe Band
Levsen Organ Company is a manufacturer of pipe organs based out of Buffalo, Iowa, which is near the Quad Cities.
After this he began offering his services tuning and repairing pipe organs.
Along with building new instruments and restorations, Quimby Pipe Organs maintains and tunes instruments in the Midwest and across the country.
 Quimby Pipe Organs, Inc.
The Felgemaker Organ Company was a manufacturer of pipe organs based out of Erie, Pennsylvania, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Specialties of the company included church organs and portable pipe organs for small churches, schools and residential parlors.
Capitol Hill Seventh-day Adventist Church in Washington, DC maintains one of the original Felgemaker pipe organs, produced before 1917.
Emmanuel Catholic Church in Dayton, Ohio originally dedicated its three-division Felgemaker pipe organ in 1887.
The pipe organ at Holy Cross Catholic Church in Santa Cruz, CA is based on an A.
He regroups with his teammates and attempts to take her down again, but is apparently killed in the ensuing explosion caused by Ravager breaking a gas pipe.
A version with added wheat gluten protein granules was introduced in the UK in April 2016, available in three forms, the standard biscuit shapes, as well as regular and chocolate flavour "Crunch" pipe shapes.
Cornell & Diehl produces a pipe tobacco named after this novel.
The parish acquired its first pipe organ in 1788 for $100.
 March 11, 1997, Sandy, Utah: A series of pipe bombs and one firebomb claimed jointly by the ALF and the ELF destroys four trucks and leveled the offices of the Agricultural Fur Breeders Co-Op, causing about $1 million in damage.
For example, the tip of a lathe cutting tool can easily be 600 Celsius (1100 °F); a high pressure steam pipe may be above the auto-ignition temperature of some fuel/air mixtures.
A tuyere or tuyère (; ) is a tube, nozzle or pipe through which air is blown into a furnace or hearth.
Each night as they are sitting, he smoking his pipe and she knitting, the officer comes to warm himself by the fire and politely engages them in a one-sided conversation.
Water supply pipe (1), diameter:
Like the related free reed pipe called bawu, the hulusi has a very pure, very mellow clarinet-like sound.
Then suddenly, he took his hand from his trouser pocket, swiftly removed his pipe from between his lips, and slipped a small glass phial into his mouth.
Unlike his original incarnation, however, his only drug habit is smoking a tobacco pipe.
Masami Akita – cymbals, various percussion, electronics, voice, byan, bowed instruments, paper pipe on tracks 1–2; noise electronics, turntable, scrap metals on track 3
Rolling mill facilities for forming steel into plate, pipe, and some structural shapes were also located there.
Some would throw water at people late into the day making an excuse such as "Thagya Min left his pipe and has come back for it"!
The process adapter is the mechanical connection between the inline sensing head and the process piping, and is designed specifically to accommodate the pipe size and application.
In February of 2019, Conley Elementary School Had an emergency evacuation due to a pipe burst, Students reportedly walked to Mackeben Elementary, The neighboring Elementary School and spent the last 2 hours of the school day in the gymnasium of Mackeben.
Phil Austin's hat is on fire; Philip Proctor is the only one with the crescent Moon above his head, and he is smoking a pipe.
Placing his prepared pipe bombs, Mathurin lights the fuses and, as soldiers approach, tells everyone to stand back.
He slides down a drain pipe, opens the door, embraces the waiting Annunziata, and the two of them leave the stage.
Having been overlooked previously, it was discovered that Saulin had placed his hand on the main brake pipe valve to get more leverage to pull the reset handle.
Shepherd's injuries included scars on head, broken teeth, tooth puncture of upper lip, lash scars across back and chest, and scars on the wrist, which supported Shepherd's claim that he had been cuffed to a metal pipe.
Sound is produced by blowing across the top of the open pipe (like blowing across a bottle top).
German pipe organ builders
George Ashdown Audsley (September 6, 1838 – June 21, 1925) was an accomplished architect, artist, illustrator, writer, decorator and pipe organ designer who excelled in many artistic fields but is perhaps best known today for having designed the Wanamaker Organ in Philadelphia.
This great pipe organ eventually was purchased for the John Wanamaker Store in Philadelphia, PA, where it is today known as the Wanamaker Organ.
Audsley strongly insisted on quality materials both in buildings and pipe organs.
 West Aleta, a ship of the Western Pipe and Steel Company
The Railroad also services Bulk Chemical Services, Fulghum Fibers Pulpwood Chip Mill, and the two Duraline pipe manufacturing plants.
Throughout the 1990s he was a fixture in the East Lansing indie-rock scene, alongside fellow local acts like The Verve Pipe.
For example, a wind controller can be made to sound like a trumpet, saxophone, violin, piano, pipe organ, choir, synthesizers or even a barnyard rooster.
The school also features an all female pipe band, one of only a small number throughout Australia.
The pompous commissioner Lord Garden and his aides overhear the simple tune Ascian plays on a rustic reed pipe, prompting them to build an elaborate and expensive institution for the study of music.
Responding to her research findings and to other testimony from business, on June 20, 2008, U.S. steel pipe manufacturers, who have been battling a surge in imports from China, won a major victory when the International Trade Commission cleared the way for the imposition of stiff penalty tariffs for the next five years.
The ruling means penalty tariffs ranging from 99 percent to 701 percent will be imposed on Chinese imports of circular welded pipe.
They escape the burning building by crashing through a window and land on a drain pipe that folds down like a spring and launches them out onto the street.
List of pipe organs
A Pitot tube measures the difference between the static pressure and the flowing pressure of the media in the pipe.
A Pitot tube will give a similar reading if the tip is located at a point in the pipe cross section where the flowing velocity is close to the average velocity.
Major repairs had to begin in 1967, when the entire interior and furnishings were badly damaged by a burst district heating pipe, which was part of the church heating system.
He also drew up plans to defend a line behind Pipe Creek in northern Maryland in case he could not find suitable ground in Pennsylvania to fight a battle to his advantage.
At Carrickarede, the ancient volcanic pipe has left dolerite, a tougher rock than basalt, which erodes more slowly.
The former approach can be employed in the case of some chain diatoms since they can be filtered from a stream of water flowing through an outflow pipe.
A typical heat pipe consists of sealed hollow tube made of a thermoconductive metal such as copper or aluminium, and a wick to return the working fluid from the evaporator to the condenser.
The most common heat pipe for electronics thermal management has a copper envelope and wick, with water as the working fluid.
From there, a line of pipe supported on trestles extended to a point near the corner of Park and Elizabeth Streets.
 Wooden pipe section display Powerhouse Museum
I'll repeat - unless you are in a military unit, or a pipe band, or some other group that has a uniform requirement - your kilt is not a uniform, but an article of clothing, like your trousers or anything else, that you can wear and accessorize as you see fit."
The water pollution from storm water runoff, as well as nitrate-rich human water contamination through waste and pollution, seeps into the underground aquifer and trickles down and flows out of the Wakulla spring as water at the end of the pipe.
 Myropnous, a dwarf pipe player, friend of Paris
A sizable pipe organ was installed in the building between 1932 and 1936.
85 Spyker C8 caught fire at its right rear due to a broken oil line spraying oil on its warm exhaust pipe.
St James – Pipe Dreams was released in January 2000.
It also covers Scottish music, including pipe bands.
Mike Raymond of the Flower Class Corvette's Association reports a portrait of Rayner 'with pipe and beard' in the frontispiece of Escort - the picture at the start of this article emphasising this is more biography than history.
The car was backed up to the studio and microphones were attached to the exhaust pipe to record the sound for the song.
This is a very large mouth blown pipe made from the skin of an entire goat.
The first reference to the instrument in Ireland is provided by John O'Keefe in 1760 as an instrument of polite society and the emerging pastoral and prototype union pipe influenced the folk tradition of the 18th and 19th century in Scotland and Ireland.
Surviving Pastoral pipe manuscripts have many tunes that leap vigorously between registers.
Its bore was very similar to later flat set Union pipe chanter bores made in the early 18th century.
The War pipe differed from the latter only in having a single tenor drone.
Folk groups playing these instruments have become popular in recent years, and pipe bands have been formed in some traditions.
The first variant, which is the most widespread, is when the blow pipe and the drone are place of the front legs, and the chanter goes at the head.
The second variant is found only in Radoviš and differs from the first in that the drone goes at the animal head while the chanter and the blow pipe are inserted at the legs.
The dudy/kozoł has a bent drone pipe that is hung across the player's shoulder, and the chanter tends to be curved as well.
There is some confusion about the exact nature of the instrument; alternate descriptions indicate each pipe having a single reed (like a modern clarinet) instead of a double reed.
the sparkplug pipe is pressed into the cylinder head and is not serviceable.
The wire is moved up or down using a tuning knife in order to change the length of the tongue that is permitted to vibrate, thereby changing the pitch produced by the pipe.
When voicing a reed pipe, the voicer will take great care in shaping the curve of the tongue, because this controls how the tongue beats against the shallot.
We have 700+ miles of pipe, 28 storage tanks, 21 pump stations, and numerous fire hydrants.
Two of his children are drummers; Drew Duthart is the leading drummer of the 78th Fraser Highlanders Pipe Band and John Duthart is a kit drummer.
In 1982, Duthart joined the British Caledonian Airways Pipe Band, while playing for this band he suffered a fatal heart attack while lined up to play in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City on 27 November 1986.
Among his pupils was Jim Kilpatrick, former leading drummer of Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia and sixteen-time winner of the World Solo Drumming Championships, and his son Drew Duthart, the current leading drummer of 78th Fraser Highlanders Pipe Band.
His doctoral thesis (from 1973) was titled, The pipe deposits of tungsten-molybdenum-bismuth in eastern Australia.
 Marr and Colton, an American pipe organ company
The welded tubes factory in Zwijndrecht was acquired at the end of 1995 from Van Leeuwen Buizen (see also Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group).
Eventually, they settle down in a disused drain pipe in the Times Square subway station.
Other formats are automatically converted using netpbm-progs, gzip and bzip2 via the use of a unix pipe.
Unicorns in Craft Ventures Fund I and Fund II include Bird, BitGo, ClickUp, Pipe, Reddit, SourceGraph and SpaceX.
He was a member of the Vale of Atholl Pipe Band and also performed with the Atholl Highlanders, as well as being signed by Greentrax as a solo artist.
He played with the six-time Grade One World Champion Simon Fraser University Pipe Band and was a featured solo performer for the band on multiple occasions.
It was the following year that he joined the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band.
Non-plate tectonic models generally suggest a heat pipe or mantle plume origin for the belt.
The three-manual pipe organ is in the west gallery.
On 24 February 2009, during repair works to a nearby bridge, a road laying vehicle caught fire which then spread to a gas mains pipe on the bridge.
 Organsociety.org: Chihuahua Cathedral's pipe organ
SEVEX (Belgium) – The Seveso expert model simulates the accidental release of toxic and/or flammable material over flat or complex terrain from multiple pipe and vessel sources or from evaporation of volatile liquid spill pools.
Michael manages to get hold of two chemicals and uses them to corrode a pipe underneath the infirmary as part of the escape plan.
Evening events include orchestral concerts, rock concerts and "Nuits Magiques", displays of pipe bands, dancers, choirs and fireworks.
This consists of a short length of polymer pipe with a vapour trap to prevent exhaust gases from being expelled into the building.
The specification can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
After Zigrang returned from the Holy Land in 1907, he provided the church with a new pipe organ, which continues to serve this church today.
'Clean Gas Stations', which are equipped with dual-wall tanks, dual pipe lines, tanks and pumps have been designated to prevent soil pollution caused by facility corrosion and oil leakage from superannuated facilities.
The drone (ruchilo, ison, prdaljka, prdak, brčalo) is a long pipe which provides a constant harmony note, and thus has no finger-holes.
David James Pipe (born 16 December 1977 in Bradford, Yorkshire) is a former English first-class cricketer, who played as a wicket-keeper.
However, the presence of Steve Rhodes in the side meant that his first-team opportunities were limited apart from a small number of games in 2000 and 2001 when both played, Pipe appearing as a specialist batsman.
When Rhodes retired from playing at the end of the following season, Pipe became Worcestershire's first choice, taking 42 catches, but lost his place to Steven Davies later in the summer.
The organ specification is available at the National Pipe Organ Register.
The charges are generally cylindrical, fabricated from commonly available metal pipe, with the forward end closed by a concave copper or steel disk-shaped liner to create a shaped charge.
The church has a two manual pipe organ dating from 1880 by Vowles.
It incorporates a tower with a ring of five bells, 19th- and 20th-century stained glass windows, and a two-manual pipe organ built in Ireland.
As he attempts to rape her, she fights back and knocks him out with a metal pipe.
The pipe organ was a gift Helen Kellogg of Chicago.
A turbulent flow in a fluid is defined by the critical Reynolds number, for a closed pipe this works out to approximately
Batman is able to break the pipe that he is chained to, and in a reversal of their confrontation in Batman: The Cult, orders the Deacon to kill him to prove himself in front of his followers.
In 2001, workmen excavating a pipe trench discovered human remains.
The band was formed in 1982 by members of the disbanded General Motors Pipe Band with support from a 78th Fraser Highlanders re-enactment group, but the band was allowed to keep the name after support from the group ceased.
The band is currently led by pipe major Doug MacRae and drum sergeant Drew Duthart.
There was a stand pipe in the area, but it, and a reservoir, was located at the corner of North and Walnut Street where there are now apartments.)
A soil pipe was also got at, and a hole broke through into a neighbouring vent to carry off the smoke.
Printed as a tabloid until Spring 2012, Pipe Dream now prints as a broadsheet paper with full color front and back pages.
Though there is no journalism school at Binghamton University, Pipe Dream was named in 2010 as one of the nation's top college newspapers by the Princeton Review.
The paper's name was changed to Pipe Dream in 1970 in protest of the Vietnam War.
Pipe Dream also publishes special issues for finals week, summer orientation, the annual Spring Fling celebration, and the NCAA America East Men's Basketball Tournament, among others.
Established in 1988 in memory of Fred Handte, 1987 editor-in-chief of the student newspaper Pipe Dream.
Activists stole most of the issues soon after the papers hit newsstands and demanded that the Binghamton University administration either force Pipe Dream's editors to undergo sensitivity training or revoke the group's Student Association-chartered status.
The non Japanese variant came in a red, white and blue livery, did not have the Japan only items and sported an exhaust pipe with an aluminum heat shield.
The special feature of this organ's design is that it is extremely compact for its disposition and at the same time, as a result of a pipe construction specially developed by Oberlinger it can be moved about  away from the wall.
The rear of the Great Dark Horse (its rump and hind legs), is also known as the Pipe Nebula, which itself carries the designation B77, B78, and B59.
The abbey has a small two manual pipe organ.
"The Pipe of Doom": The police officer's line "Freeze, you punk guys!"
 "The Pipe of Doom" *edited
An entirely different instrument, a bamboo free reed pipe called pi chum (ปี่จุม), is used by the Lanna of Northern Thailand.
The lower part of the pipe acts as a horn while the top can be visualised as an extended compression chamber.
The TQWP is also known as a Voigt pipe and was introduced in 1934 by Paul G. A. H. Voigt, Lowther's original driver designer.
In January 2010, the church inaugurated a new, 3-manual, 63-rank Schlueter pipe organ, with the dedicatory concert performed by virtuoso organist Douglas Major.
A pipe wrench, reported missing by Cruz's stepfather, was thought to be the murder weapon.
St. Mark's pipe organ had a major rebuild in 2012.
Another trademark was that Mitch Jayne's character always had a pipe in his mouth.
Thread protectors are generally manufactured from plastic or steel and can be applied to the pipe manually or automatically (by machine).
Wynne-Jones is a diminutive and fussy man who smokes a pipe.
Gaugler of General Motors  patents  the idea of the Heat pipe, a heat transfer mechanism that combines the principles of both thermal conductivity and phase transition to efficiently manage the transfer of heat between two solid interfaces.
A  Yorkshire terrier named Smoky was used to run a telegraph wire through a ,  pipe to ensure communication without moving troops into the line of fire.
The Commune Church contains a very important Pipe Organ which survived the French Revolution and was used by Gene Bedient as a model in his studies of French Organs to build similar ones in the United States.
However, the temple was converted into a conference space, by removing the furnishings and Willis pipe organ (though the portraits remain).
Never seen without his hookah pipe, Blue gives Queen Genevieve a warning of Redd's coup, and later tells Alyss how to find the Looking Glass Maze.
He was noted for his phlegmatic personality and pipe smoking.
The wavelength produced by the second normal mode is half that, that is, the length of the pipe, so its pitch is an octave higher; thus an open cylindrical bore instrument overblows at the octave.
These modify the instrument's resonances to closely resemble that of a conical pipe, even if the bore is mostly cylindrical.
The yoke is connected to a pipe or batten by one of the clamps mentioned below.
Humidification Humidification is commonly accomplished by introducing live steam into the kiln through a steam spray pipe.
14 using a 10-inch pipe, finally getting through the quicksand to the caprock after three months.
The name of Presnya (noun; adjective: Presnensky) district is inherited from the Presnya River, now flowing largely in an underground pipe and entering the Moskva River immediately west of the White House of Russia.
Measure of damages is not the cost to rip out the old pipe and install the new, but the difference in value which in this case is zero dollars.
In 2000 HAI has joined the "Next Generation Fighter" program, an experimental Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV), undertaking the construction of the rear fuselage, the tail pipe, the integration bench, the Engine, the Air to Air Missiles and the Communications System of the aircraft.
In June 1907, the Marion Daily Mirror described Zanesville's efforts to sign Bill Dithridge, a player in the Baltimore Eastern League, as "merely another of the pipe dreams of one Marty Hogan".
Sadovnichesky Bridge was completed in 1963; it is actually a water pipe conduit with a secondary function of a pedestrian bridge.
Checklist of vascular plants of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge, and Tinajas Altas, Arizona.
The pipe organ is the instrument that is held in high esteem in the Roman Catholic Church for use in its liturgical celebrations.
Other notable features include a set of 6 voicebanks which allow the entire organ's voices to be changed to sound like pipe organs built in different musical periods or countries.
In the winter the fluid in the pipe absorbs the heat of the earth and uses it to heat the building.
John Balkin – upright bass, Fender bass, pipe organ
Additionally, Houser's Offering of the Sacred Pipe is on display at United States Mission to the United Nations in New York City.
The 98 m J-Lay tower, designed and constructed by Huisman Itrec, is capable of laying pipe in water depths to .
By 1870 the industries of the area had been expanded by the coming of the Ely Tin Plate Works, The Pipe Works and The Steam Joinery Company.
The date of 1846 was still visible in the drain pipe heads 120 years later.
This was a slightly curved cut-and-thrust blade, generally of the same length of the previous pattern, however the new blade featured a single, wide fuller and a flat back, rather than the pipe back, with a symmetrical spear-point rather than the quill-point.
Leading them to a water plant, Ryan is told he needs to cross a narrow pipe in order to sign his name on a wall of graffiti.
During this time, a water pipe opens up and throws Ryan into the water.
The water pipe opens like it did before, trapping Brad on the other side.
The highest rain total was  at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
Vibration isolation of unsupporting joint is realized in the device named branch pipe a of isolating vibration.
On an illustration is presented the image a vibration-isolating branch pipe of a series «ВИПБ».
Come on and pipe the shine!"
In Bret Easton Ellis's novel American Psycho, Patrick Bateman inserts a starving rat into a kidnapped woman's vagina through a pipe.
The Regent Theatre had a resident 40 piece orchestra, as well as a Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ.
The Toronto Police Pipe Band was founded in 1912.
Grey continued to write competition medleys and other music in his position until departing in the 2013 season to play with the Glasgow Police Pipe Band.
Besides fielding its premier competition band in grade 1, the Toronto Police Pipe Band operates another band in grade 2.
Emms was known for smoking a pipe, being frugal with money, and fined players for cursing.
Hamilton Police Pipe Band
His current method of working involves the use of pipe organ sounds which are digitally processed and distorted.
Urea phosphate is often used in drip irrigation to clean pipe systems.
The brine was transported to Burn Naze by a ten-inch steel pipe.
But the marsh was filled, the creek was channeled into a pipe that also carried sewage to the Bay, and the shoreline was extended westward with Berkeley's garbage.
Water is drawn from the river south of Amportane Bridge into 4 manmade mill lakes known as clarkes or upperlands dams and flows out through a 6-foot brick pipe tunnel back into the river.
Ultimately Jessica remembers hitting Mitch in the head with a pipe to save her uncle, Todd Manning (who had been posing as Mitch's brother, Walker Laurence).
In the undamaged section of the school it was found that Kehoe had concealed the explosives in six lengths of eavestrough pipe, three bamboo fishing rods and what were described as "windmill rods" that were placed in the basement ceiling.
Instead of using locomotives, the trains were moved by Clegg and Samuda's patented system of atmospheric (vacuum) traction, whereby stationary pumps sucked air from a pipe placed in the centre of the track.
Such as using a small piece of pipe visually limit the area seen to small area and/or making homemade out of various stiff wire (sometimes spent carbon rods from use in Carbon-Arc older Follow Spotlights) to create a crosshair style sights, similar to ones seen on early anti-aircraft guns.
Water pipe designs are also covered in this section.
At the very end of Episode Six, Sarah's narrowboat explodes after Tom forgets to replace a faulty gas pipe on it.
Wright was best known for his virtuoso performances on the huge Wurlitzer theater pipe organs at the famed Fox Theater on Market Street in San Francisco and the ornate Paramount Theaters in both New York City and Oakland.
In August 1970, however, the studio/warehouse (owned by organ speaker inventory Don Leslie) where he kept his personal pipe organ burned and he stopped recording for over 10 years.
Most notable amongst these would be Cormeen Rising Sons of William Flute Band, Killylea Silver Band, the Crozier Memorial Pipe Band and Ballyrea Boyne Defenders Flute Band.
However, together they are eventually both able to drill strategically placed holes and manages to break it down to see the pipe on the other side.
The railway line closed, and the track was taken up, in 1967; the viaduct remains with a footway and the Rochdale to Whitworth sewer pipe over it.
A weeping tile (also called a drain tile or perimeter tile) is a porous pipe used for underground water collection or discharge.
The modern material is typically a length of corrugated plastic pipe with small slits or weep holes in it, which is buried surrounded by aggregate larger than the slits.
Born in 1954 at Monaco, he studied pipe organ with the masters Émile Bourdon, Canon Henri Carol, and Jean Wallet, musical improvisation with Pierre Cochereau and musical composition (harmony, counterpoint, orchestration).
In the 1970s, Temple de Hirsch elected to replace the pipe organ with an electronic Allen organ.
However, at Melton Mowbray North station, the toilet of the former first-class waiting room had a hot-water pipe coursing through the seat.
Chalice is a cannabis smoking pipe used most often by members of the Jamaican Rastafari movement.
A bong is similar to a pipe, only it has a water-chamber through which cannabis smoke passes prior to inhalation.
Tom with his pipe made such a noise,
Tom took his pipe and began to play;
He took out his pipe and he played them a tune,
The Dagmar was a sports version of the Crawford Automobile, made in Hagerstown, Maryland from 1922 to 1927 by the Crawford Automobile Company following their purchase by the M. P. Moller Pipe Organ Co. Several hundred Dagmars were produced.
Other performers included Matt Scannell of Vertical Horizon, Alice Peacock, Brian Vander Ark of The Verve Pipe, Jackopierce, and a special performance by Isaac Slade of The Fray.
However, considerable areas have acquired foreign soils during landfill programmes, whilst ploughing for agriculture during World War II and numerous pipe laying programmes have brought trapped nutrients to the surface.
The daughter of a pipe fitter, she paid her way through college by working at hospitals, as a waitress and as a counselor.
The song's tune is an adaptation of the First World War pipe march "The Bloody Fields of Flanders", composed by John McLellan DCM (Dunoon), which Henderson first heard played on the Anzio beachhead.
Our men fashioned the wood into pipe stems, emergency snowshoes, snares, wooden nails, whistles for the children, beading looms, and frames for stretching hides.
The City of Whitehorse (CoWPB) is a grade one pipe band, based in Nunawading, Victoria, Australia.
The first Pipe Major was Bill Sutherland, hence the Sutherland tartan.
Under a year later, Nunawading also secured first place in Grade 2 of the Australian and South Pacific Pipe Band Championships (held in Brisbane, Queensland) which earned their promotion to Grade 1.
The band subsequently attained 19th placing competing in Grade 1 in the 2005 world pipe band championships held in Glasgow, Scotland.
With an overall win at the Australian and South Pacific Pipe Band Championships later in the year, it was seen that the exceptional performances the band was already known for could still be expected under its new name.
The five members (including the Pipe Major and Drum Sergeant) subsequently resigned their membership of PBA prior to lodging an appeal.
However, at the 2016 Australian Championships, CoWPB was disqualified mid-way through the competition when "members of the public" assisted the band in the tuning-up area (it was obvious to spectators that other competing pipe bands also received assistance in tuning up from "members of the public" but were not penalised or disqualified).
Grade 1 pipe bands
After nearly seventy years of Highland musical contests in Australia, it was at the Maryborough gathering in 1924, Drum Major Lew Zilles OAM ED, broadcast the intent to form a group for coordinating Victorian pipe band affairs.
It was the first of its kind, anywhere in the world - predating even the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association.
However, as the pipe band scene in Australia grew in the 1950-60s, associations were formed in other states.
Though the national body was responsible for communicating between the organizations, each individual member, including the Victorian Highland Pipe Band Association, retained control over its own state.
A series of meetings throughout the 1950s, mostly led by Angas Leggett, discussed band affairs in the state(with particular emphasis on those who were currently members of the VHPBA), and on 21 July 1954, the South East Pipe Band Centre(SEPBC) was formed.
From the mid-19th century until the mid-20th century, many wealthy individuals had pipe organs installed in their homes.
Members of the upper-class families, such as the Vanderbilts, Carnegies, Mellons, and Schwab had house concerts regularly for their friends to hear a performance by a noted artist on their pipe organ.
At the simplest they consist of a pipe with no working parts.
was lost in the English Channel in 1951 due to the snort mast fracturing and  in 1963 due to a pipe weld failure during a test dive.
Bucksburn & District Pipe Band, formed in 1947, has represented Aberdeen internationally and were Champion of Champions in 1998 and 1999 at their grade.
The Lutheran church houses a rare treasury, the only surviving small scale urban pipe organ created by the famous Arp Schnitger, originally commissioned by an orphanage in Hamburg in 1694.
The mousehole is the storage area on a drilling rig where the next joint of drilling pipe is held until needed.
"No Surrender", an Ulster pipe tune AKA "The Crimson Banner"
A hydraulic hammer is a modern type of piling hammer used instead of diesel and air hammers for driving steel pipe, precast concrete, and timber piles.
A hiatus of fifty years occurred between the playing of Meredith Morris and the renaissance of native instruments in the 1970s, during which piping in Wales was carried mainly on the Great Highland pipe.
Welsh pipe groups and bands include Pibau Pencader, Pibe Bach and Pibau Preseli.
The community was named after Duke's Mixture, a brand of pipe tobacco sold at the local country store.
  (French: 'heavenly voice'), a pipe organ stop
The highest rain total was 2.25 inches (57 mm) at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Arizona.
The exhaust pipe ran in front of the commander to the right ending in a silencer on the right side of the vehicle; in later production vehicles an armoured cover was added; as it tended to overheat a later variant of this cover had cooling slits.
It featured the band and the members of the Rats of Tobruk Pipe band on the back of a flatbed truck travelling on Swanston Street in Melbourne.
He was named as the ancestor of all who played the lyre and pipe (see book of Genesis 4:20-21).
One of the many projects completed in recent years was the restoration of the E.M. Skinner Pipe Organ, which is housed in the Concert Hall.
Today's expander heads have a leading end much smaller in diameter than the trailing (bursting) end, small enough to fit through the pipe that will be replaced.
Using these fins as the primary breaking point is a very effective way to ensure that the pipe is broken along the entire circumference.
All of the equipment used in a pipe bursting operation is powered by one or multiple hydraulic power generators.
Peter Collins (organ builder), English pipe organ builder
"Essentially a shawm or oboe--that is, a pipe with a conical bore, a double reed, and finger-holes...traditional Breton bombardoù are probably very close to the original progenitor of the oboe family."
The band won the All Ireland Championships in 1958, and also won two first prizes in Scotland, under the leadership of pipe major John Duggan and drum sergeant Frank Saunders.
Terry's son Alen Tully took over as pipe major for the 2014 season.
The WA Police Pipe Band, now commonly known as and referred to as WAPOL, was formed in 1966.
It is currently the only Australian competitive pipe band, sanctioned in competition by the Western Australia Police.
where a pipe passes through a firewall.
He uses a giant smoking pipe and the smoke produced by it as his weapons.
The Macdonald Tobacco Company (initially called McDonald Brothers and Co.), founded in 1858 by William Christopher Macdonald and his brother Augustine, converted tobacco leaf from southern U.S. suppliers to pipe and chewing tobacco in Montreal.
A driving cap is made of much thicker or more durable material than a standard pipe cap and is always removed once installation is complete.
Thus replacement of the driving cap with a different fitting becomes necessary to prevent failures in materials handling pipe.
Hamish Thomson began his career in music as a drummer, initially working with a pipe band in Vancouver.
The Pipe Roll of Henry II gives the annual tin production of Dartmoor as about 60 tons.
Large pores serve as water drainage pipe to allow the excessive water pass through the soil, during the heavy rains.
These platforms were approximately  high with pipe fences surrounding them, they simulated the height of an aircraft carrier and were used for practicing lifeboat drills and abandon ship maneuvers.
The system included  of  diameter welded steel pipe.
Foam saws are used in many industries, include housing (insulation, pipe insulation), furniture (couches, couch cushions, chair cushions), and entertainment (foam fingers, foam accessories).
These are set in 6/8 time and are usually played at around 60 beats per minute if played by only pipe bands (and 120 if played with a military band).
He decides, though, to not race to freedom, but continues the fight until he is eventually thrown against the machinery and his chest is pierced by a steel pipe, killing him.
The company grew slowly at first, with their first break coming when they won a $13,000 contract to lay sewer pipe.
The spun pipe plants (three in number) came up in 1944, 1958 and 1981.
The engine uses Variable Geometry Induction, whereby air induction pipe lengths vary to optimise engine torque in response to different engine and road speeds, aiding refinement and efficiency.
The Pipe Roll of 1162 records that 60s.
During Michael's anti-drug meeting, he misidentifies hookah as an illegal drug; Toby points out the fact that it is merely a pipe.
The water from the lake flows through a pipe down to the hydroelectric powerstation near the village of Bogen in Evenes.
Discovering that water is Marko's weakness, Spider-Man bursts open a pipe, releasing water that reduces Marko to mud and washes him away.
The church possesses three pipe organs, from the years 1857 (main organ), 1873 (north aisle) and 1770 (choir).
The chapel is designed in the traditional cathedral fashion and comprises a large nave, with a pipe organ and choir stalls at the rear (west end), transepts including the vestry on one side, the lay chapel on the other, and the sanctuary, which is raised, (and takes the form of a quarter sphere) and houses the altar.
Vera Smal has been appointed as Pipe Division Director.
List of pipe organ stops
This left the Ickx/van Lennep car with a 16-lap lead, until they lost five laps spending 34 minutes repairing a split exhaust pipe (to keep the turbo working) just before midday.
In particular, the instrument stands out for its gentle voicing and use of historical Italian organs as models for both pipe construction and visual design.
Pipe organs of Chicago, Volume 2.
On diesel and electric locomotives and railcars, sandboxes are fitted close to the wheels so as to achieve the shortest possible length of delivery pipe.
He then invented a machine for the production of corrugated pipe for the Briscoe and Detroit Galvanizing Works, later the Briscoe Manufacturing Company.
The lake is a reservoir, providing water for the towns of Conwy and Colwyn Bay, having been purchased for £55,000 by the Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board, a joint authority set up in 1891, via a pipe network some  long.
The second band from the village is the Knox Pipe Band who practice in Knox Orange Hall just outside the village and they too host a successful longstanding annual parade and BBQ each Summer.
Richard Perrin tells:  "The nave and chancel areas were gutted, precious stained glass windows, mural paintings, as well as a valuable pipe organ, were completely destroyed.
Chris Brown - pipe organ, pump organ, piano, Wurlitzer electric piano, accordion, harmonium on "The Beginning of the End"
The items affected include E-cigarettes, Hookah tobacco, and pipe tobacco.
Parmelinopsis minarum [EGW] Collected and identified by EGW; on decorticated branch, just southwest of big pipe under Dolfield Road.
In the 19th century it was enriched by its pipe organ (1828) provided by Serassi from Bergamo and by the mural pictures of David Beghè.
Cars can be destroyed by dropping dynamite out the tail pipe of the Getaway Car (however, dynamite can also destroy the Getaway Car).
A variety of baths were installed, a pipe built to draw in salt water from the sea and a lift installed to all floors.
When a truck starts throwing explosive barrels in the water, Jaws grabs one, and throws it at a pipe line filled with oil.
The Boardwalk Hall Auditorium Organ is the pipe organ in the Main Auditorium of the Boardwalk Hall (formerly known as the Atlantic City Convention Hall) in Atlantic City, New Jersey, built by the Midmer-Losh Organ Company.
The Diaphone-Dulzian's low-C pipe is  in length, weighs , and produces a frequency of 8 Hz, a tone that is more felt than heard; the sound of the vibrating pallet is described as "a helicopter hovering over the building".
The organ's wind supply is the most powerful ever used in a pipe organ.
The smell of his pipe, which often pervaded the SAB corridors, became associated with him and SAB.
They are one of the most common types of organ flue pipe.
Even the very smallest pipe organs frequently have some form of stopped flute in the specification.
Gedackt is a stopped pipe, as its name implies.
The gedackt produces a moderately soft, bland, flute-like tone, invaluable for basic ensemble sound in the pipe organ.
At the top of this tank there is a manhole fitted with a cover, hinged and fastened so that it can be easily removed and replaced; and from the lower part of the tank, a suction pipe proceeds to one of the Andrews's pumps.
The large pipe organ, built by Bishop & Son of London, was installed late in 1905.
All of the WWII era crew's berthing spaces remained, including the [rope laced canvas] on a pipe frame sleeping racks with each topped with a  foam rubber mattress supported by chains attached to the overhead (ceiling).
He has four different devastating throws and backbreakers at his disposal, and is able to hit fallen enemies with the pipe.
The earliest known pipe organ associated with the parish dates from the second half of the eighteenth-century, and so may have been obtained for the post-Gordon-Riots chapel in White Street.
The pipe organ in the current building is situated on a gallery at the liturgical-west end and made by the organ building firm of Corps, which flourished variously in Reading (Surrey), Norwich (Norfolk) and Camden Town (London) until about 1870.
"The Auld Pipe Reel/The Brolum" (03:38)
The Verve Pipe (1997)
Funnell or smokestack painted black, with bright copper steam pipe after part of same.
Hampshire Jam Preserved (2001) Pipe / Everybody Say Yeah / Roxette lost in Liphook
A pipe falls onto Abi, knocking her unconscious, but Max and Steven soon find her and drag her out.
He had got out from the pipe to Sonia's bedroom only to find her already murdered.
His early years were spent playing with the Burntisland pipe band.
San Diego's Spreckels Organ is now the world's largest pipe organ in a fully outdoor venue, although western New York has the larger Massey Memorial Organ in an open-air auditorium with a roof.
On May 6, 2006, NBC Sports aired a special program before the Kentucky Derby that plagiarized two passages from the speech that Sam writes for the President following the explosion of the pipe bombs in "20 Hours in America, Part II".
The Scarecrow, horrified, and finally realizing the true meaning of his "mission", breaks his corncob pipe and collapses, only to momentarily revive and see in the mirror that his sacrifice for Rachel has transformed him into a real human being.
. .'Line up, set the rpm at 14,000, watch the jet pipe temperature and good luck,' he said, slapped the side of the aeroplane and walked away.
In 1940 the new pipe organ was installed in the auditorium.
Sink and Pipe Unblocker
Home of the 2008 World Champion Simon Fraser University Pipe Band.
They take an infusion of the roots for chills, smoke an infusion of dried leaves or dried stems in a pipe for asthma, and chew the leaves recreationally.
 PG&E Pipe Ranger page
 Wilson Leading distributor of pipe, valves, fittings, mill and safety supplies
This method is applied for tube and pipe diameters from around 5 mm to several metres.
 Jerome dedicated the book to his friend and companion in idleness: his pipe.
It uses approximately double the length of pipe of 35 mm diameter, e.g., around 80 m compared to an EAHX of 40 m. A heat exchanger coil is placed before the air inlet of the heat recovery ventilator.
The Rise of the United Association: National Unionism in the Pipe Trades, 1884–1924.
AllMusic interpreted the song's subject to be autobiographical, calling it "one of Brian's most deeply touching and bizarre compositions…lamenting his long life amid the pollution and grime of a city park while the somber tones of a pipe organ build atmosphere."
People do not eat, but instead consume "Sogum" anally through a pipe, and later "plop" out food orally, which is done in private, due to its 'shameful' nature.
The Chapel was designed in Gothic style and houses a large pipe organ and a traditional carillon in its tower.
The name and variations of Jerrold were first put on record in 1230 for a man named John Gerard in the small village of Pipe Rolls in the county of Somerset, England.
In the type description the cranium is described as showing a mix of basal characters, like those found in pipe snakes, and advanced traits found in macrostomatans.
In military SATCOM, it has the added advantage that it can function in a bent pipe environment, thus requires no special security or coordination hardware on the satellite.
David Foster - piano, electric piano, Moog and pipe organ
Pipe Music: "We Will Take The Good Old Way" ().
Walker plugs the hole in the pipe, and Jones tells him to "be like that little Belgian boy".
The pipe organ was built in 1881 at which time it was "the largest two manual organ in the colony", and restored in 1914.
Mystical Seven and Oklahoma's Pe-et Society were likewise entrusted with the Peace Pipe trophy that was awarded to the winner of the biennial Missouri-Oklahoma football match.
The pipe organ was removed in January 2011, and the entire residence was demolished the next month.
Besides artillery, the foundry also produced iron fittings for civilian uses, such as pipe for the New York City water system and sugar mills for shipment to the West Indies.
The Rieger pipe organ is also in the Christchurch Town Hall of the Performing Arts Auditorium and the curator is international concert organist Martin Setchell.
The capacity of the clamp is determined by the length of the pipe used.
The pipe is usually threaded on both ends.
The same clamp heads might be switched over from a two-foot length of pipe to a twelve-foot length as the project at hand dictates.
In this case several pipe clamps will be set up on the workbench so that clamping pressure can be applied evenly along the length of the boards being joined.
A cast-iron pipe  long and  in diameter was used to deliver water from the dam to the first Del Monte Hotel on the Monterey Peninsula, crossing the Carmel River five times on its way.
When it is hot, the user pressurizes the tank by means of a small hand pump integrated into the housing, which forces kerosene from the tank up through the rising tube (A) and the ascending pipe (B) to the pre-heated burner head (C), where the fuel is heated and vaporized.
In this technique, the mould has a downward fill pipe that is lowered into the melt.
Wires, such as pipe cleaners or floral wire, may be used to make the doll posable.
The theater has its original 4-manual, 16 rank pipe organ built by the Page Organ Company of Lima, Ohio.
The H/2 dashed line is added to acknowledge that this is an interior pipe or channel flow situation and that there is a top wall located above the pictured lower wall.
Heavenly Climb: A climb up a pole near a rotating propeller towards a pipe beam where the contestant must cross and stop the clock.
The concept is similar to a GUI equivalent of a Unix pipe, allowing arbitrary data to be processed and passed between programs.
The Oude Kerk holds four pipe organs, the old church organ built in 1658 and the cabinet organ built in 1767.
(In Europe, taper female pipe threads are not commonly used.)
The break in the  sewer pipe created a sinkhole that allowed water from the lake to flow into the sewer.
The city hooked up a  pipe to two compressors that pumped oxygen into the lake similar to an aerator in an aquarium.
Likewise, the city had projected the cost of relocating the water pipe at between $2,000–$5,000 and the time to complete the work at five weeks.
Dogger's Best Trick (15 November 1983) – When the water pipe in McGuillycuddy is threatening to burst, Dogger the dog manages to save the day but he takes the sausages when he tries to get Eddy Stone's attention.
The origin of breccia pipe is uncertain but it is thought that they form on intersections and faults.
After a large pipe bridge, the canal widens to form a loading bay where coal from Hatfield Main Colliery was transferred to barges.
An exhaust tuning valve had been mounted inside the exhaust pipe.
This frame was designed to withstand the pressure of the hurricane wind, it rested at the base on a pipe, in which bearings were located for the rotation of the star.
On 2 June 1861, the Cameron Highlanders, 895 men strong, complete with pipe band, marched down Broadway on its way to Washington.
The fuel is carried by pipe from the dock area to an energy-storage tank farm operated by Marlex in the Punaoa Valley in Utulei.
"One job as a reader from one pipe and a writer to another" is often seen where this job edits the records.
A capacitor is like a rubber membrane sealed inside a pipe.
Older materials such as Polybutylene (PB) and copper or steel pipe are still used in some locales or for specialized applications.
Obi-Wan Kenobi lives in a cave instead of a hut, and he smokes a pipe.
He is murdered in the library with the lead pipe by Miss Scarlett, whom he had been taking bribes from (Endings A and C), or Mrs. Peacock (Ending B).
At about 9:30 at night on July 25, 1976, Plummer scaled the White House fence, armed with a piece of pipe.
In the 16th century Coswig was already connected to a drinking water pipe from Wörpen.
Police found 10.95 grams of marijuana and a pipe in his vehicle, although toxicology reports came back revealing that there was no marijuana in his system.
Instead of using a visual method to distract pests, as the scarecrow does, it uses the sound of a heavy pipe repeatedly and rhythmically hitting a rock, using water as a timing device.
The organ is a 1949 Harrison & Harrison instrument, installed in 2009 by Heritage Pipe Organs, which had previously been located at the chapel at the former location of Whitelands College in Putney.
Mail Pouch painted their message on one or two sides of the barn (depending on visibility from the roadway, an additional ad for Kentucky Club pipe mixture might be included as well) and painted the other sides of the barn any color the owner wished.
Steve says it is nothing but a pipe dream.
A Scottish pipe band is a regular fixture, though there was no band in 2007.
The church is characterised by its stained glass windows and its massive pipe organ.
On 13 October 2017, while the excavator was digging a channel on Slavija, a lump of hard material fell from its bucket onto the main water pipe in this part of the city causing it to burst.
The Hall continues to house the Busch–Reisinger's founding collection of medieval plaster casts and an exhibition on the history of the Busch–Reisinger Museum; it also hosts concerts on its Flentrop pipe organ.
In contrast, Sebastian Flyte describes a model student at Oxford as one who "smokes a great pipe and plays hockey and goes out to tea on Boar's Hill and to lectures at Keble..."
Reuter Organ Company is a pipe organ builder located in Lawrence, Kansas.
The city of Lawrence could now boast that it was one of the few communities in the nation with a pipe organ factory.
An illumination test was conducted by igniting the gas jet at the top of a tall pipe.
The Verve Pipe songs
A leather book with a hand-drawn map from the city survey records dated to 1887 identifies the location where newly unearthed brick and mortar pipe was found according to the City Surveyor, Tony Pratt.
The cast steel allows for the production of geometrically complicated pipe nodes and an optimal alignment to the load distribution.
When disposed, the elements may be finely broken/poured over the earth or placed down a "piscina" in the sacristy, a sink with a pipe that leads underground to a pit or into the earth.
In addition to the original, widely-downloaded version of Romance Is A Slowdance, the first three studio recordings Atticus ever did, c. 1996 – Stardust, Pipe Dreams, and Pathetic – were included as well.
When it became clear that the pump's waters were polluted, the pipe was sealed off.
Carey Mansion's pipe organ, Opus 2140, was made by Jacob Estey of Estey Organ Company, Brattleboro, Vermont.
Ted is also Chieftain of the Victorian Highland Pipe Band Association.
In 1932 Marmon-Herrington built the first all-wheel-drive truck and trailer combination, and the largest trucks ever built at the time, for oil pipe construction in Iraq.
Tobacco was considered to be a gift from the gods and it was believed that the exhaled tobacco smoke generated from smoking a pipe would carry one's thoughts and prayers to the creator up above in the heavens.
Together they try out the pipe, Jack laughing about the fun they had "breaking it in" the night before.
Further clues are discovered, including a pipe cleaner, a handkerchief, Cassetti's broken watch, and a conductor's suit.
An Arab plays on a pipe, then the song is repeated by the orchestra, finally also by the returning soldiers.
During the moling process, a pneumatically-driven machine known as a mole forces its way through the soil along the desired path of the pipe.
Mana said that for the album he used guitar synths to create violin and pipe organ sounds because at the time he found it more interesting than "rock guitar."
A package that contained a pipe bomb was sent to Clinton's home in Washington, D.C., on October 24, 2018.
 Anderson Pipe Patent Act 
During the following century, the Addyston Pipe opinion of Judge Taft has remained foundational in antitrust analysis.
For example, even if a restraint is necessary and ancillary, within the meaning of the Mitchel and Addyston Pipe cases, it may still be an unreasonable restraint of trade if its anticompetitive effects and consequent harm to the public interest outweigh its benefits.
Missing from the list was Hamilton's Jaguar that had been delayed around midnight by a burnt-through exhaust pipe which was filling the cockpit with fumes and overheating the fuel lines and burning a hole in the cockpit-floor.
The interior of the English church is highlighted with marble, historic paintings, and boasts a large pipe organ - the only English organ existing in Russia.
The pipe, which had become perforated as a result of corrosion, belonged to the Richmond Gas Corporation.
The gas company eventually provided the pipe for examination upon the order of the Indiana Public Service Commission.
The fountain replaced the old Turkish water tower, which had only one water pipe.
SpongeBob, mistaking the Mark II for a jellyfish, ensnares Jimmy in his jellyfishing net, blinding the pilot and sending everyone crashing through downtown, ending with the Mark II and Mark I rockets going through a drain pipe leading back to Jimmy's lab.
Along the building's existing spiral ramps, Hamilton also constructed a spiraling pipe that acted as a travel mechanism for a smaller bell carriage that housed Tibetan cymbals.
Swiping across the Mini-Marios left or right causes them to move in that direction, and swiping down causes them to enter a pipe that is below their feet.
While digging, one of the revolutionaries hits and punctures a gas pipe causing mantle lanterns to dim in the underground bank corridors.
The Paramount Theatre has an original installation Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ.
Robert Ingleberd was the first record of a variant of "Engelbrecht" used as a family name, dated 1230 in the Pipe rolls of Yorkshire.
The souls in Kur were believed to eat nothing but dry dust and family members of the deceased would ritually pour libations into the dead person's grave through a clay pipe, thereby allowing the dead to drink.
A PVC pipe was used to line the hole, which was used to deliver fresh water, food and communications equipment to the men.
• supply of the pumping station, the rainwater pressure pipe, the electrical lighting and the electrical working machines with energy
Kaalia is caught descending the pipe hurriedly at 00.08 am on 1 July.
The prosecution story is that Kaalia went up the pipe to Dhaniram's house (through an open window) and tried to steal something.
According to the Tulsa Preservation Commission, the building also contained the only municipally owned pipe organ west of the Allegheny Mountains.
Bruce Castleberry - Bamboo Pipe, Guitar
, a long-stemmed smoking pipe.
Subsea wells have pressure control equipment located on the seabed or between the riser pipe and drilling platform.
Their job is to guide the stands of the drill pipe into the fingers at the top of the derrick.
When tripping into the hole (or "running in") they will pull the pipe out of the fingers and guide it into the elevators suspended from the top drive.
It is traditionally where joints of pipe are assembled, as well as the BHA (bottom hole assembly), drilling bit, and various other tools.
The presence of an annulus gives the ability to circulate fluid in the well, provided that excess drill cuttings have not accumulated in the annulus, preventing fluid movement and possibly sticking the pipe in the borehole.
The water is potable, and many homes along the shoreline run a pipe offshore to provide water during the winter when other water systems may be turned off.
In 2020, rail and road tankers and decommissioned oil pipe lines are also being used to store crude oil for contango trade.
The Norman and Beard late-Victorian English romantic pipe organ, built in 1898, was installed in 2006.
Other events of National Police Week include an annual Blue Mass, Candlelight Vigil, Wreath Laying Ceremony, National Police Survivors Conference, Honor Guard Competition, and the Emerald Society & Pipe Band March and Service.
It is a design philosophy which emphasizes waste prevention as opposed to end of pipe waste management.
 Example of how the Saint Eustache Church pipe organ sounds: Guillou Toccata by Nariné Simonian
While digging their way to Scylla and trying to build a passage through a water conduct, the beam they are using to hold the pipe up breaks.
Lincoln and Bellick were trying to bridge a pipe across a main water conduit, but it was too heavy.
The pipe was hauled into place, sealing Bellick inside as the water pressure resumed.
A small leak of   through a seal had developed, and a bypass pipe was installed to remove the water contaminated with  to the seawater cooling ponds.
Once above-ground operations became too dangerous and unproductive, the Alyricklite pipe of the Alyrick Mine was also mined underground by Cecil Rhodes' De Beers company to a depth of .
The Pipe Rolls, records of royal expenditure, show that John spent over £17,000 on 95 castles during his reign spread, and Scarborough received the most investment.
This pipe jacking process is repeated until the MTBM reaches the reception shaft at the far end.
The friction of the ground around the pipe increases in proportion to the tunnel length.
Before 2007 it was questioned whether the Roman aqueduct at Lincoln had ever worked as there was no evidence of limescale in any of the lengths of pipe that had been uncovered.
 Dutchman's pipe vine (Aristolochia spp.)
The name "Aldreth" occurs as Alreheða in the 1170 Pipe rolls, and means "landing-place by the alders", from a combination of the Old English words for "alder" and "hythe".
| wood for pipe ||  || tcʽo´ʟʚ || 
It is based in Greater Vancouver and is currently one of the eight RCMP Pipe Bands currently active in Canada.
An entry for 1220 in the Book of Fees records it as Mulinton and a pipe roll from 1230 records it in its modern form of Mollington.
Union Railroad continues to serve the Mon Valley and have since expanded its customer base to include Dura-Bond pipe coating in the former Duquesne Works site and General Electric in West Mifflin hauling special oversize generators.
The standard pipe diameter was typically 2 inches.
USAC charged that the teams had tampered with the wastegate exhaust pipe, thus illegally over-riding the pop-off valve, and potentially over-boosting the engine.
Some may be grommeted along the top and tied to the pipe with tie-line (usually drapery cord nowadays).
Taken into consideration was the spiritual symbolism of the ceremonial pipe to the American Indian community, as well as the NCAA's push to remove inappropriate American Indian nicknames and symbols associated with member's athletic teams.
Then-owner Plitt Theatres had turned off the heat, causing a frozen water pipe to burst, which caused extensive damage to the interior.
Raw coal is gravity-fed through a central feed pipe to the grinding table where it flows outwardly by centrifugal action and is ground between the rollers and table.
His son, Helene's grandfather, had no time for the pipe.
He was a highly recognizable figure in the community, owing to his light complexion as well as his habit of smoking tobacco in a pipe.
 John Barneson, founder of General Petroleum Corporation, General Pipe Line Company
He also took part in the inaugural parade for President Woodrow Wilson, and presented Wilson with "a peace pipe made of South Dakota red clay".
Since 2001, the cathedral hosts an annual international music festival "Days of pipe organ - Dies organorum".
The rule is sensitive to pause, but not word boundary, so that  ("the house") is realized as , while the two phonemes  of  'the overalls' are interdental  in , and  is pronounced  so  'the pipe (for smoking)' emerges as .
In July 1956 the OS state that the 'Monk's Well' is a spring emerging through a stone pipe, situated in a stone-faced cutting in the hill slope.
Karl becomes jealous of Susan and Dr. Ron McCready's relationship and he knows that Susan had not yet mentioned her and Mike's past, so Karl breaks open a pipe under the sink and Ron gets Mike and he learns that Susan had lied to him and Karl watched happily as Ron dumped her.
Ray Keech broke an exhaust pipe on Thursday, and the crew would have to make quick repairs in order that he would be able to qualify on Saturday.
The hall features an enormous pipe organ that is built into five walled chambers and was recently restored to its original splendor.
In a remarkable drive he had been at the wheel for over twenty hours, and during the Sunday, the exhaust pipe had broken that left it pumping its noxious fumes into the cockpit.
In May the next year he burnt his arm on his exhaust pipe at the Tripoli Grand Prix.
AJS and Matchless), and carry messages, control vehicles such as the Land Rover and Austin Gipsy, field telephone equipment, fire fighting vehicles, pipe, water and foam carriers, as well as breakdown trucks and stores and catering.
Three kilometres of gas pipe has been installed across the landfill site connecting the existing 55 wells to the generator.
The trench for the pipe was cut much deeper than needed, through a glacial meltwater channel.
Lough Derg, trained by David Pipe and owned by Bill Frewen, took the prize in 2008 and 2009.
In that year, the Pipe Rolls of the City of London listed a "John de Stampes."
As the well is drilled, drilling fluid, "mud", is fed through the drill string down to the drill bit, "blade", and returns up the wellbore in the ring-shaped void, annulus, between the outside of the drill pipe and the casing (piping that lines the wellbore).
Shear rams are designed to shear the pipe in the well and seal the wellbore simultaneously.
In that way, for example, a pipe ram BOP can be converted to a blind shear ram BOP.
As of July 2010 it was unknown whether the tubing might have been casing that shot up through the well or perhaps broken drill pipe that dropped into the well.
Menifee won a come-from-behind victory in the Blue Grass Stakes at Keeneland in his last Triple Crown prep over the highly regarded Cat Thief, Vicar, Kimberlite Pipe and Wondertross.
More upscale tobacco shops tend to have a much larger emphasis on cigars and pipe tobacco.
Beside each hole is a pipe, cut off at ground level, which was probably once a cable pit.
 Bettie Ross – pipe organ (tracks 7, 8, 12)
Team Geniuses located a hidden entrance inside a pipe and headed down into the chamber.
As Team Geniuses continued to try to solve the cryptex, Team Southie Boys discovered the secret door in the pipe.
Another popular example would be the viral internet video , a redub of the first hour of Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, interpreting the pipe smoking Hobbits as drug addicts who go on a journey to find a ring that can produce endless amounts of cannabis.
The unstained oak case of the Metzler organ is based on the original Smith design and incorporates a few carved wooden pipe shades that remained after the 1827 case rebuild and later fire.
Hyun-seo helps Se-joo hide inside a drain pipe where the creature cannot reach them.
 Pressure cooker bomb, a type of home-made bomb similar to a pipe bomb
While there he recorded pipe organ for the song, "Troubled Air", on SUNN O)))'s album, Life Metal (April 2019).
 Pipe and filter architecture
It turned out it was not a bomb, but a metal pipe.
The history of Alrosa dates back to 1954, when the first primary deposit of diamonds in the Soviet Union, the kimberlite pipe Zarnitsa, was found.
Through 1980, the rapid development of primary deposits continued in Aykhal township on the basis of the Jubilee pipe and in Udachny town.
It is the first mining company in Angolan history that started the large-scale mining of the Catoca kimberlite pipe (the Luanda Sul Province), one of the largest diamond primary deposits – the fourth largest in the world.
Lighting instruments can be hung on a pipe grid just above the tension grid; there is no need for holes, as the light can shine through the grid, virtually unobstructed, to the stage.
Hook, the Hook Organ is the name for the pipe organ in the Main Hall of Mechanics Hall.
Brian Vander Ark is an American singer-songwriter best known as lead singer for the band The Verve Pipe.
The song is on album Underneath, by The Verve Pipe.
Custom Mini Choppers are generally constructed from 1" steel tubing or 3/4" steel black pipe.
Since 2007, the Caves have also contained a 1924 Wurlitzer Pipe Organ from the Rivoli Theater in New York City.
Most bass speaker cabinets employ a vented bass-reflex design, which uses a port or vent cut into the cabinet and a length of carefully measured tubing or pipe to increase the low-frequency response and improve the speaker system's efficiency.
He was a strange ecclesiastical person, always seen with a pipe in his mouth, playing cards with pals in the pub.
The specification of the organ can be found at the National Pipe Organ Register.
By now, he had swapped the tin-whistle for a picco pipe which he used to accompany his clog dancing routine.
Adjacent to Avondale and just east of Little Pipe Creek, MD 31 intersects Stone Chapel Road, which is part of MD 852K; MD 852K heads east as another section of old alignment also named New Windsor Road.
The gooseherd played on his pipe, and all Tattercoats's clothing was transformed into shining robes, and the geese into pages holding her train.
The visitors can see the pipe organ by climbing the stairs located at the Narthex of the Church.
The arrangement has an oboe obligato play the tune of Lily's call to her flock on her shepherdess's pipe.
The front row has (as seen by the audience from left to right) the flabiolist (with pipe and drum), the second and first tibles, and the first and second tenores.
Iron Pipe Size (IPS or I.P.S.)
The iron pipe size standard came into being early in the 19th century and remained in effect until after World War II.
Some of Fitzgerald's titles, like The Pipe Dream and The Captive Dreamer, suggest that "Fitzgerald was familiar with the opium dens which, with chloral and laudanum, represented the Victorian drug scene."
This Homogeneous Reactor Experiment (HRE) was affectionately dubbed "Alvin's 3P reactor" because it required a pot, a pipe, and a pump.
The System Pipe is still a consistent top seller for Peterson.
In July of 2018, the Scandinavian Tobacco Group announced that they had acquired the Peterson pipe tobacco brand and business from Peterson's parent company Kapp & Peterson Limited.
In Act I of Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot the character Pozzo, who has lost his pipe, exclaims I've lost my Kapp and Peterson!
A tube well is a type of water well in which a long, -wide, stainless steel tube or pipe is bored into an underground aquifer.
They muse revenge and that "Everyday Devices" such as a wrench and lead pipe are dangerous when used for the wrong reasons.
Grounds' also designed in a more Modernist mode, with his own family holiday house on the Peninsula  nicknamed 'The Ship' due to its long horizontal asbestos-cement sheet flat forms topped by a pipe railing and a glass walled lookout, and the similarly styled Rosanove House in nearby Frankston.
Frank Elrington, son of Charles Richard Elrington, was in a single carriage that had been uncoupled from its train and unknowingly engaged to the pipe at Kingstown when the pumping engine started up.
Pipe Dream (1955) as Hazel
In the combustion chamber, the fuel/air mixture ignites and burns, creating thrust as it leaves through the exhaust pipe.
The chapel contains practice rooms and music studios on the lower level, while the chapel proper, with a Steinway Model B piano and a three-manual Moeller pipe organ, often functions as a music performance space,.
The Bartola Musical Instrument Company of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, USA, was a producer of theater pipe organs during the age of silent movies.
It houses the Bryan Concert organ, which is a rebuilt Casavant pipe organ.
The improvised repairs to the exhaust pipe had come loose and flames set the car alight.
St John's is a Gothic design which retains its fine octagonal steeple with belfry, 19th-century pipe organ, stained-glass lancet windows and pews, although the men no longer sit on the opposite side of the aisle to the women.
Journalists at PAD-controlled Government House reported that they were intimidated, pelted with water bottles, and attacked with a metal pipe.
The Abbey Church houses two pipe organs, a smaller organ of 1978 in an Italian style by Tamburini and a larger organ of 1994 in a modernised English Classical style by Kenneth Tickell.
Anything written for Pipe Organ can be played on the Pedal Piano right off the bat from the Original Sheet Music.
Trinity for many years maintained a traditional German parish church in Germantown; in due course, when it had built its new modern building, it sold its impressive German pipe organ to an Anglican parish church.
Its Casavant Frères pipe organ, originally installed in 1930, repaired after a disastrous 1976 fire, and extensively refurbished and enlarged in 1992–1993, remains the largest organ in Regina.
Australia also boasts the richest diamantiferous pipe with production reaching peak levels of 42 metric tons (41 LT/46 ST) per year in the 1990s.
The fact that he orders the fish to be fried alive, and that he returns calmly to smoking his pipe after the execution, enhances the image of a cold, inhuman barbarian, the antithesis of the heroic Frenchmen who refuse to betray their fellow countrymen, and pay the ultimate price for their patriotism.
I had nothing left but the clothing I had on ... My eagle wing bone flute, my medicine pipe, my rifle, everything else of mine, were gone."
In the 1860s antiquaries attempted to date clay pipe bowls by their evolving shapes and sizes.
At the end of the video the character enters the school's garage, attaches one end of a long tube to the exhaust pipe of a car, and brings the other end to the driver's seat with him.
that limits the concentration of lead and copper allowed in public drinking water at the consumer's tap, as well as limiting the permissible amount of pipe corrosion occurring due to the water itself.
In response to the Flint, Michigan water crisis, EPA published a final rule on January 15, 2021 addressing testing, pipe replacement and related issues.
The Benjafield/Clement Bentley was retired when a water pipe came loose emptying the water pump well before the 20-lap replenishment window.
Both British standard and National pipe thread standards specify a thread taper of 1:16; the change in diameter is one sixteenth the distance travelled along the thread.
Instead, an O-ring seated between the shoulder of the male pipe section and an interior surface on the female, provides the seal.
It flows north from Roxhill Park for several miles along the valley of the Delridge neighborhood of West Seattle, turning east to reach the Duwamish Waterway via a 3,300 ft (1000 m) pipe beneath the Bethlehem Steel plant (now Nucor).
On one occasion the hydraulic pipe fractured in the Blenheim he was flying which caused the landing gear to fail and prompted Braham to force-land.
He went into the steel business after his baseball career ended, and currently owns Brittex Pipe Company in Houston, Texas.
The main auditorium seats 857 and the stage area has the capacity to handle performances ranging from opera, pipe bands, and live theatre to orchestral and ensemble presentations.
Weissenau Abbey pipe organ by Holzhey (in German
Clan Pipe Music (Pibroch):
The combination of the Color Guard with the fully augmented pipe band has brought awards and praise to the unit.
 Allison Hedge Coke, Off-Season City Pipe Coffee House Press
Each borehole is  in diameter and contains a simple heat exchanger made of small diameter plastic pipe, through which water is circulated.
A number of examples of the use of solar thermal storage from across the world include: Suffolk One a college in East Anglia, England, that uses a thermal collector of pipe buried in the bus turning area to collect solar energy that is then stored in 18 boreholes each  deep for use in winter heating.
Plastic pipe doesn't corrode in damp earth, as metal ducts can.
In competing designs, more than one pipe might be designed to handle extremely common instructions such as add, permitting more two or more of these instructions to be executed concurrently, which can serve to increase efficiency on unbalanced workflows.
In 2009, Sherco introduced the Sherco R; a commercially available version of Albert Cabestany's works machine available in 2.9 (2-stroke) and 3.2 (4-stroke) models, which, among other modifications, included: a titanium exhaust front pipe, high compression cylinder head, keihin carburettor and numerous carbon fibre components.
On December 5, 2008, the AGIA license, jointly awarded to Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. and TransCanada Alaska, LLC, was signed in Fairbanks.
He also brought back from his trips a collection of various artefacts such as masks, pipe stems, and other handicrafts.
| Increase in occurrence of damage above; pipe rupture likely; machinery failures
For 19 years, St. Agnes Cathedral did not have a major pipe organ in the cathedral proper.
A small Moeller pipe organ was located in the 1960s and 70s near the Blessed Sacrament Chapel and later moved to the Lower Church.
This article describes the process and techniques involved in the tuning of a pipe organ.
An open wooden pipe may have a metal flap partially covering its top, which can be rolled or unrolled, or bent upward or downward.
A stopped pipe (wood or metal) is usually tuned by moving its stopper up or down.
Such tuning is extremely stable, but causes gradual damage to the pipe over time.
In fact, controlling the climate around a pipe organ can have a significant impact on its tuning and maintenance schedule.
Dry collyriums were pastilles of Rhasis, sugar-candy, iris, tutty prepared and blown into the eye with a little pipe.
Who's gonna smoke the old clay pipe?
Those possessed by Zaka, lwa of agriculture, will dress as a peasant in a straw hat with a clay pipe and will often speak in a rustic accent.
In addition, the shape of the luggage rack is a pipe type similar to the 100s, which is slightly higher than the mass-produced vehicle (height 1,950 mm).
In some devices that have threads on either end, like turnbuckles and removable pipe segments.
The self-locking property is also key to the screw's use in a wide range of other applications, such as the corkscrew, screw top container lid, threaded pipe joint, vise, C-clamp, and screw jack.
After the closure and dismantling of the line, in February 1956 all of the H Class - except H 200 which had been out of service for some time with a collapsed internal steam pipe -  were towed to Hutt Workshops.
 Pipe Teacher's Assistant, Vol.
Natoma was not quite the first American opera to be performed at the Metropolitan Opera—that honor belonged to The Pipe of Desire by composer Frederick Shepherd Converse and librettist George Edward Barton, which premiered March 18, 1910
A third diver was then sent down and was also sucked into the pipe, but managed to escape as the pressures equalised.
A 30-year-old taxi driver in Washington, D.C., was shot and killed after scaling the fence surrounding the grounds of the White House and advancing toward the Executive Mansion with a long metal pipe.
The church had a 3 manual pipe organ.
Dances to a Black Pipe.
The single chambered body of the elder pipe has a naturally occurring parallel bore, into which are drilled six small finger-holes and a thumb-hole giving a diatonic compass of an octave.
The 1980s saw further modelling of multiphase flow by modelling flow patterns to different pipe inclinations and diameters and different pressures and flows.
Presumably due to the coalescence of the large concentration of contained droplets in the liquid film covering the pipe.
The influence of pipe diameter is well understood through the Weber number.
Once the stuffed man does come alive, Mother Rigby gives him the appearance of a normal human being and provides a pipe, on which the scarecrow must puff to keep himself alive.
few spot leopard: a nearly white horse from birth that retains color just above the hooves, the knees, "armpits", mane and tail, wind pipe, and face.
Locomotive air brakes (Freno Diretto or Moderabile): takes air from the main reservoir tanks, bypassing the brake pipe and directly loading the brake cylinders of the locomotive, thus braking it.
A particular device called "", which is  divided into two chambers: one is kept at the general pipe pressure (which is variable), while the other at the command reservoir pressure (which is fixed to , though may vary if the brakes are overloaded); in the middle there is a mobile piston.
The maximum pressure that can be reached into the brake cylinders on E636 is , which corresponds to a pressure inside the general pipe of about .
When pipe pressure is , the cylinders will unload until they are empty.
Inside the  the pressures inside the two chambers are balanced: during the overload both command reservoir and brake pipe pressures rise proportionally.
On units with seven-position levers the risk is greater: the pipe is put to direct connection with the main tanks and, if the controller is left for too much time in the overload position, it may reach a very high pressure (even ).
The raid was part of Operation Pipe Dreams and "Operation Headhunter," which resulted in raids on 100 homes and businesses nationwide that day and indictments of 55 individuals.
can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
Pipe Down (1929) comedy short released by Ellbee Pictures
Each band member takes a pipe, at which point all of the prisoners wake up, and the band then smashes the glass of the cells.
Traditionally fuel lines had flared or compression fittings on the rigid pipe sections, and hose clamps where rubber hoses attached to metal components.
Thread seal tape (also known as PTFE tape, Teflon tape, or plumber's tape) is a polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) film tape commonly used in plumbing for sealing pipe threads.
Combining thread seal tape with a pipe dope compound can also overload threads.
It featured brilliant red powder coating on the camshaft cover, intake manifold and boost pipe.
The related system call  moves or copies data between a pipe and user space.
A pipe buffer is an in-kernel memory buffer that is opaque to the user space process.
The Plumbing and Pipe Trades Employees Union is a trade union in Australia.
For example, the English Pipe rolls record that, in 1158, the sheriffs of Worcester and Gloucester received allowances for payments made to Guðrøðr for arms and equipment.
About a year later, on 17 June 1207, John ordered the sheriff to assign Rǫgnvaldr with twenty liberates of land, a payment which is also confirmed by the Lancashire Pipe Rolls.
Pipe expansion joints are also known as "compensators", as they compensate for the thermal movement.
The pipe organ is on the west wall in a timber frame.
A flue-gas stack, also known as a smoke stack, chimney stack or simply as a stack, is a type of chimney, a vertical pipe, channel or similar structure through which combustion product gases called flue gases are exhausted to the outside air.
A hose was found connected to the car's exhaust pipe.
A third Half Pipe installation, identical to the others, was built on top of the Don Quijote store in Roppongi, Tokyo.
"Megablast" (The Madd Skillz Bass Pipe Gett Off Remixx)
Percent-encoded pipe character (|), as represented in hexadecimal
Pipe smoking produces more heat on the palate than any other forms of smoking.
The condition was once common, but has become more rare as habits such as pipe and cigar smoking have decreased in popularity.
These devices are known as packers and are used to make a seal between the borehole wall and the drill pipe, isolating the region of interest.
Large stone pieces of the window's tracery and sections of stained glass fell onto the tracker-action pipe organ located below the rose window, causing severe damage to the instrument.
The leaves of the introduced Dutchman's pipe (Aristolochia littoralis) will kill the larvae of this species and several other swallowtail butterflies in Australia.
In a French study, metal pipe immersed in water (both under typical PWR and SFP conditions), was electrically heated to simulate the generation of heat within a fuel pin by nuclear processes.
 HAMEL, a type of steel pipe used in Operation Pluto in World War II
On 23 June 2006, the factory was in the news when more than a million chocolate bars were to be removed from sale through fears that they might have been contaminated with salmonella by a leaking pipe.
Further work by Jardine and Co in 1954 and George Sixsmith in 1989 have left the church with a 3 manual 42 speaking stop pipe organ.
Since then its primary use has been for concerts—the church houses one of the few pipe organs in Baku.
The diameter of the pipe will vary from  to .
Besides other big Industrial units such as Hindustan National Glass Company, Hindustan Sanitary Wares, Surya Roshni, Somany Ceramics, Parle Biscuits and Swastik Pipe, Relaxo, Aerobok Shoes, Yokohoma, Seaga India etc.
A mining wagon incorrectly positioned in the elevator cage struck an oil pipe and electrical cables when the elevator started moving.
Remote maintenance considerations pervaded the MSRE design, and developments included devices for remotely cutting and brazing together  pipe, removable heater-insulation units, and equipment for removing specimens of metal and graphite from the core.
He eventually donated the organ back to the Palace, and it has been expanded with portions of the pipe organ from the demolished Waikiki Theatre in Honolulu.
It is a small but readily apparent snake-shaped dust lane that snakes out in front of the Milky Way star clouds from the north-north-west edge of the bowl of the Pipe Nebula.
MRG037 – Pipe – Ashtray b/w Warsaw – 7” – March, 1993
MRG342 – East River Pipe – We Live in Rented Rooms – CD – February 15, 2011
Moreover, it also can be seen hundreds of bobbing oil who raised the pipe from the bowels of the Earth.
Projects range from folk music to pipe organ.
New Zealand/New York based musician David Watson released a new music composition for pipe bands on the Midwest Label in 1996.
Thompson's guitar playing is influenced by pipe music, and he has cited Billy Pigg as one of his influences.
White shirt, Songket, Tarbus, smoking pipe, Keris, bracelet
In the opening scene, a civil servant named Ivan Kuzmich Podkolyosin sits alone in his room smoking a pipe and contemplating marriage.
Nathan Carlson as the Giant Robot, Robotic Talking Door and Robotic Pipe Organ
Palmer often rode his favorite horse, Rifle, around the towns, smoking a cigar sticking straight out of a pipe.
IDOC gathered evidence that proved a faulty pipe at Del Monte was responsible for this particular fish kill.
The antenna consisted of six 90 foot-long (27m) wires spread 20 feet (6m) apart, strung 210 feet (64 m) above the ground between a brick smokestack and a 100-foot (30 m) pipe mast atop the K Building.
A section of the pipe, without the leather covers, is preserved at Didcot Railway Centre mounted on a short section of track which is inclined to show the gradient of the line from Newton to Dainton.
At stations a smaller pipe was laid alongside the track and a piston in this was connected to the train by a rope to start it moving.
It is also unclear how the level crossing at Turf was operated as the pipe projected some way above the rails.
The Napier Boys' High School Pipe Band, in the city of Napier, New Zealand, have been wearing the Napier tartan since 1976.
A trencher may be combined with a drainage pipe or geotextile feeder unit and backfiller, so drain or textile may be placed and the trench filled in one pass.
It is a large-scale, stopped wood flute pipe, usually with a leathered lip.
Clark is also an ethicist who specializes in poverty and documentary filmmaking, an expert pipe organ builder, and full-time teacher at DePaul University.
In 1980, United Airlines president Percy Wood was injured by the explosion of a pipe bomb hidden inside a book that he received in the mail.
 Builders:  (Western Pipe and Steel Company (WPS) in San Pedro, California).
Additionally, the stop-and-check valves downstream from the rupture failed to close, allowing product to flow back down the pipe through Cajon Pass, which strengthened the intensity and duration of the fire.
Daniel Chapman Stillson (1826-1899), American inventor of the Pipe wrench
The concert hall contains a pipe organ with 91 voices, 118 ranks, and approx.
Angry miners marched to the mine gate led by a pipe band.
The men end up in a field together along with a Shriners Highland Pipe Band and begin to Glima Wrestle—a traditional competition where fighters graps each other's buttocks and take turns lifting one another up until one collapses.
Khedbrahma has a cooperative ginning factory, sawmills, cement pipe factories and an Agricultural Produce Market Committee (APMC) market.
One example is the North American Monotropa uniflora (Indian pipe or corpse plant) which is a member of the heath family, Ericaceae, better known for its members blueberries, cranberries, and rhododendrons.
The player, as Buffy Summers, completes levels by locating the correct switch to open a gate or turn off hazards, such as a steam pipe.
Metal Industries Ltd. had been functioning since 1976 and was producing some 1,000 tonnes of metal pipe annually.
Efforts at freeing them result in the rest of the platoon becoming trapped with them, and a pipe bursting, filling the room rapidly with water...
Jones tries to shut off the water from his side with the stopcock, but only increases it and leaving Pike's jacket, which he was using to try and wrap up the pipe, completely drenched.
On 1 November 2017, the new unit's boiler pipe exploded, killing 32 people and injuring many more.
The Verve Pipe funded the album's recording sessions out of its winnings from the Yamaha Soundcheck's unsigned band competition.
Underneath is a studio album by The Verve Pipe, released in 2001.
The Verve Pipe albums
Platinum & Gold Collection is a 2004 compilation album by The Verve Pipe released by their record company RCA Records in their ongoing Platinum & Gold Collection series.
Wallace's Broadway debut was in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Pipe Dream, starring the operatic soprano Helen Traubel.
Pipe Dream is the seventh musical by the team of Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II; it premiered on Broadway on November 30, 1955.
Pipe Dream met with negative reviews and rapidly closed once it had exhausted its advance sale.
He spent the weekend before the operation writing one final song for Pipe Dream.
Suzy gets a job at a burger joint, and moves into an abandoned boiler, with entry through the attached pipe.
 Productions Pipe Dream premiered on Broadway on November 30, 1955, at the Shubert Theatre, with Helen Traubel as Fauna, William Johnson as Doc, Judy Tyler as Suzy, George D. Wallace as Mac and Mike Kellin as Hazel.
Johnson died of a heart attack within a year of Pipe Dreams closing; Tyler died in an automobile accident during the same timespan.
The poor reviews of Pipe Dream made a national tour or London run impractical.
"All At Once You Love Her" saw some popularity when recorded, during the run of the show, by Perry Como; in what Pomahac speculates was an attempt to appease Traubel, a reprise of the song was added for her, and provided "one of the loveliest moments in all of Pipe Dream".
According to David Lewis in his history of the Broadway musical, "The Rodgers and Hammerstein office has, it would appear, given up on Pipe Dream and [Me and] Juliet ever finding an audience ... so these songs are up for grabs."
Billy Rose said of Pipe Dream, "You know why Oscar shouldn't have written that?
On the journey the Indians forced these seven captives to repeatedly "run the gauntlet" and forced them at times to keep their fingertips pushed into hot glowing pipe bowls for the Indians' amusement.
Officially no pipe or tobacco were meant to be present when naked lights were prohibited (rule 33), but in practice the men had them in their pockets, along with matches, prior to the second visit.
The theater's stage innovations included a rising orchestra pit which could accommodate an orchestra of 110 and a Kimball theater pipe organ with three consoles which could be played simultaneously.
The next four weeks saw Flair and McMahon confronting each other in the build up to their match which includes McMahon mocking Flair by putting on a blonde wig and his blue robe and also assaulting him with a lead pipe.
On the February 4 episode of Raw, during a tag team match, The Undertaker grabbed a steel lead pipe from his motorcycle and nailed The Rock in the head with it, allowing Chris Jericho to score the pinfall win.
The plate was an attachment point between the external tank and a 17-inch pipe that carried gaseous hydrogen safely away from the tank to the flare stack, where it was burned off.
The great church pipe organ exists of the following organ stops (translated as far as possible):
One local member, Glen Branagh (a distant relative of the actor Kenneth Branagh), died in these clashes when, on 11 November 2001, a pipe bomb he was holding exploded in his hand whilst he stood with fellow UYM members on the Duncairn Gardens interface area.
Originally set to open in June 2006, for the start of the new timetable, a burst pipe delayed the school's opening until August.
A tibia is a sort of organ pipe that is most characteristic of a theatre organ.
Before the roof was repaired, there was a broken pipe in the dining room.
The Udachnaya pipe diamond deposit was discovered in 1955.
When she comes round and threatens Rob, he attacks her with a metal pipe.
 Pipe Dreams: An Autobiography (2013)
Other pottery and clay tobacco pipe fragments recovered, also suggested that the demolition deposit, covering both the exposed cobbled floor and the compacted earth floor, dates to the late 17th century, which further implies that the newly exposed floors themselves are earlier in date, perhaps late 16th century.
Sustagen received a publicity boost when, on the advice of a nutritionist, it was one of the items sent through a pipe to trapped miners Brant Webb and Todd Russell in the 2006 Beaconsfield mine collapse.
At the PEP-II accelerator at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, the vacuum pipe which contains the positron ring has a wire coiled around its entire length.
Max Kenworthy (born in West Yorkshire, England) has performed recitals throughout the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand and has undertaken recordings, broadcasts and tours in pipe organ, piano and conducting.
"Clay Pipe Along Creek Should be Monitored," Kiki Carter, The Tampa Tribune,  June 13, 1992
The tubing system that allows the instrument to generate its sounds, resembles a pipe organ, which works on the same principle; however, the resonance is generated using a more direct method.
The building houses a large pipe organ built by William Hill in 1901 and later rebuilt by Rushworth & Dreaper when the hall received a proscenium stage.
Despite this, perhaps due to the lack of vent turbulence and vent pipe resonances, some listeners prefer the sound of PRs to reflex ports.
When a horizontal stroke is added, it is called a crossbar:  barred h,  barred o,  reversed barred glottal stop or barred ayin,  barred dotless j or barred gelded j (apparently never 'turned f'),  double-barred pipe, etc.
Within a few years, this was augmented with a pipe gondola car fitted for carrying passengers.
In the year 1909 deep water mains were laid in the streets and a stand pipe erected, allowing water to be provided to winter residents.
Later, police investigations found the cause to be a gas pipe leak.
Jay Jay and Tilse proceeded to start the band Glass Pipe Suicide with Knits, and they recorded some demos which were made available for free online before disbanding sometime in 2005.
Forky is a sentient spork with googly eyes and pipe cleaner arms.
The basilica is decorated with several Italian statues and includes six historical pipe organs and two carillons, composed of 98 bells.
A major restoration of the historical pipe organs began in 1998 with the collaboration of foreign experts and was finished in 2010.
North Hill Farm laid a 6 inch diameter, china-clay pipe (still visible in places in the steep nearby stream) from the spring below Upton Farm to a ram in a small stone hut on the south side of the valley-bottom stream.
The delivery pipe from the ram ran north up to a holding tank at the farm.
Frazer attempts to tell Mainwaring about the commitment to pipe the haggis at the dinner, but Mainwaring does not give him a chance.
An RFT probe is moved down the inside of a pipe and is able to detect inside and outside defects with approximately equal sensitivity (although it can not discriminate between the two).
The soundtrack is much more experimental than the soundtrack to the first film, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, utilizing pipe organs, musical box and electronic beats.
 "The Pipe Talks To You"
The place-name ' Heddon on the Wall' is first attested in the Pipe Rolls for 1175, where it appears as Hedun.
"The name of Allah" or "In the name of Allah" (Bismillah) has to be called by the butcher upon slaughter of each halal animal individually, and it should consist of a swift, deep incision with a very sharp knife on the throat, cutting the wind pipe, jugular veins and carotid arteries of both sides but leaving the spinal cord intact.
There is some sign of copper ore extraction around the Coniston area, but the most notable find is of a tuyère, (a clay pipe connecting the bellows to a furnace), found at Ewanrigg and which is a rare example from the Early Bronze Age.
The damage to the pipe is deemed accidental and the case is handed back to Beadie.
Arisa is depicted as tough, brash, and sometimes violent; she wears long skirts, sometimes carries a lead pipe, and often speaks like a man (see Gender differences in spoken Japanese).
Pension rights remained a pipe dream.
Isaac Mendez handcuffs himself to a pipe to try and go cold turkey from heroin.
Robert originally worked as a pipe fitter at an oil refinery.
Captain Black is a brand of aromatic pipe tobaccos produced in the United States by Lane Limited, part of the Scandinavian Tobacco Group.
It was abandoned towards the end of the 20th century, due to faulty pipe work that was thought to have failed, causing the town to be abandoned due to a land slide.
Water was conducted through the pipe on the Sava river bed and a mini-waterworks with five taps was built on the island.
 Jari Latomaa – keyboard & pipe organ (2010–2019)
 In pipe band terms, attack describes the process of getting the band from a non-playing state to a playing state.
 The pipe bag is often covered with a cover, mainly for decoration but possibly also to help the player keep a grip on the bag while playing.
The Uilleann pipe achieves the same end by having the player rest the chanter on the leg, with the advantage that the lowest note remains available.
  For competition purposes, pipe bands are usually organised into grades, usually from 1 to 4, with grade 1 being the highest level.
The annual Edinburgh Festival Tattoo is famous for its exhibition of pipe band marching and playing, including the Massed Bands finale.
 Lifting the uilleann pipe quickly off the knee for E, F# or G in the high octave.
  The quarterly publication of the Eastern United States Pipe band Association.
Structured Learning, The RSPBA Complete Guide to Piping & Drumming Certification, Books I-III, Published by The Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association.
A pipe roll from 1167 records it as Speresholt.
The ship was sold to Florida Pipe and Supply Company for $10,250 for delivery to be scrapped 22 January 1947.
The City of Adelaide Pipe Band was formed to provide a high level competitive band, and an entertaining alternative to the city's brass band for the public.
By 1992, the band was already competing in the South Australian competition at a grade two level, and earned its first title at the South Australian Pipe Band Championships, in Greenock.
In 2016, Brett Tidswell stepped down from the Pipe Major's position, after 25 years of running the band.
Each muffler contains a stainless steel inner pipe which is a little shorter than the length of the external shell.
Even so, Suzuki found it prudent to fit heat shields on the outside of the pipe to further protect riders and pillions.
 Australian Pipe Organs Pty Ltd
 Istanbul Pipe Organ Team (?-present) – Istanbul
 Organ Historical Society Pipe Organ Database for nearly complete list, current and historical.
Jaz Coleman - Violin, Cobra pipe, flute
This was later replaced with a plug valve and higher bypass pipe diameter, but both designs had problems with sticking due to carbonised deposits.
It recruited Pipe Major Nat Russell from the Royal Ulster Constabulary of Northern Ireland and received funding from the state government, with which it competed in Grade Two Australian competitions.
Buoyed by its success, Victoria Police Pipe Band spent the next decade dominating Australian competition, claiming six consecutive grade one titles locally whilst continuing to compete internationally.
(Competitive Pipe bands are ranked from Grade 1 as the highest to Novice Juvenile as the lowest.)
Prior to their Grade 1 placement, the Prince Charles Pipe Band frequently achieved high placings internationally in Scotland's major competitions as a junior and Grade 3 band.
The Prince Charles Pipe Band has actually been many bands over the years-from Grade 1 to Grade 4 and Juvenile, Junior and at one time a Ladies' Band.
Prince Charles Pipe Band currently operates Grade 2 and 5 competition bands.
The fernery had thirty miles of irrigation pipe, a pre-cooling plant, and its own electric light and water system.
The main determinants of resistance to fluid flow are fluid velocity through the pipe and fluid viscosity.
High flow velocities and/or high fluid viscosities result in a larger pressure drop across a section of pipe or a valve or elbow.
'Sacred Selections was conceived by artist Matt Stokes, and comprises three pipe organ recitals that present music chosen by people from a range of underground music and cultures strongly represented within Dundee - Northern Soul, Happy Hardcore and Black Metal.'
LDRR traffic generally consists of bauxite ore, carbon black, fertilizer, molasses, oilfield supplies, paper products, pipe, sugar and rice.
In 2000, they began attending the annual World Pipe Band Championships and, in 2001, placed 7th in the grade 1 finals.
In 2013, key members of the pipe section leave to pursue their careers elsewhere and the band decided to fold as it was not able to field a competition band at the Grade 1 level.
The Calgary players joined the Grade 2 Rocky Mountain Pipe Band.
Nine of these games, plus the Annual Gathering (an indoor piping and drumming competition with no other events) are sanctioned by the BCPA and produce aggregate points in solo piping and drumming, as well as pipe band competition, for an overall Grand Aggregate prize, announced at the end of each competition season.
While Beast sits most of the preparations out, a treacherous servant plots to have Belle thrown out of the castle: Forte the Pipe Organ, since he is far more appreciated by the Beast while under the spell.
Natural gas is gathered through pipe networks and processed in gas production plants near Hilda.
Though one primary purpose of the bands is to act as a feeder for the Grade I SFU pipe band, the bands have proven themselves in their own right as highly competitive forces.
In 1994 the Robert Malcolm Memorial Pipe Band was created to continue the development of younger players.
The RMM Grade 2 band won the World Pipe Band Championships as well as the BCPA grand aggregate in 2006.
2012 was also the first year since 2008 when the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band organization fielded competition bands at every level of competition, with a Grade V, IV, III II (New Westminster Police), and I band.
He was inspired to install a pipe organ in his store after a trip to Wanamaker's famous Department Store in Philadelphia.
 Pipe Organ At Rhodes - University of Washington Special Collections.
It was founded in 1992 by Jim Clough, Bill MacNeill, and Donald Lindsay, and was one of the most consistently high-achieving pipe bands in the United States.
After competing in Grade 2 for many seasons, the band was officially promoted to Grade 1 by the EUSPBA in December 2007, and by the RSPBA in 2008 after The World Pipe Band Championships.
Born in Peru and educated in Chile and Cambridge University he was a big-hearted, self-confident red-headed all-rounder usually seen wearing a white silk handkerchief round his neck, with a big grin and an avuncular pipe.
Soon, they have returned to Austria to crown their whole organ building education upon the construction of a 22-stop pipe organ for the auditorium of their alma mater, St. Joseph Academy in Las Piñas.
Since then, they have restored four historic pipe organs and built ten new tracker organs which were exported to Lithuania and Austria.
• The Las Piñas Bamboo Organ is the only known oldest and largest bamboo organ existing in the world today with a unique and distinct sound as compared to other pipe organs.
He makes a pipe from the bone of a cow and brings the cattle home.
The carbon pipe would have a cork or coal powder in it to prevent combustion and water-cooled clamps to regulate the temperature.
Just before his filing date, he was issued a summons by police when a package allegedly containing marijuana and an unused pipe was delivered to his Dumont, New Jersey home.
"St Peter's used to play St Kentigern's, who were led out onto the field by their pipe band.
The band's Pipe Major is Alex Gandy and the lead drummer is Jeremy Keddy.
It regularly competes at the World Pipe Band Championships, ranking 8th in 2004, 13th in 2005 and 12th in 2015.
At the last North American North American Pipe Band Championships, in 2019, the band placed third.
He restrains Isaac to the ground and stabs him with the broken end of a lead pipe, ending the mad prophet once and for all.
Emily Schwalek of Davis died after being caught in the current while swimming near the Glory Hole and being swept down the pipe, after holding on to the rim for about 20 minutes.
In 1916, the Irish Guards established a pipe band.
Wa-na-ta's smoking pipe was his most precious possession.
In 2007 Film Score Monthly and Intrada released a limited CD edition of North's original score with Kossin's artwork including alternate versions of the title theme, North's own arrangements of four 1940s jazz popular tunes, two traditional Christmas carols, and the pipe band version of Scotland the Brave featuring in the film.
The band won the World Pipe Band Championships in 1977 and 1978, and in addition they were Cowal Champions four times, British Champions three times, Scottish Champions seven times and European Champions twice.
In May 2012, the band signed a sponsorship agreement with Kilts and More, resulting in a change of name to Kilts & More Dysart & Dundonald Pipe Band.
The site was rich in clay deposits, and the brickyard was later developed into the Washington Brick, Lime & Sewer Pipe Company.
White's grandson and biographer Maynard Pressley White Jr. noted that among his grandfather's sketches of this time was a drawing of a female nude seated on a large sphere, blowing bubbles from a pipe and surrounded by many floating spheres in the air.
For example, the Gellish dictionary-taxonomy contains definitions of many concepts that also appear in ordinary dictionaries, such as kinds of physical objects like building, airplane, car, pump, pipe, properties such as mass and color, scales such as kg and bar, as well as activities and processes, such as repairing and heating, etc.
His sessions with the pipe are often the trigger for hallucinogenic flashbacks.
Ensley High School, located in the Ensley neighborhood of Birmingham, Alabama (United States), was founded in 1901 to serve the then-independent community of Ensley, which was centered on major plants operated by U.S. Steel and the American Cast Iron Pipe Company.
The water was then culverted along the valley to the Ashop Siphon near Hagg Farm, where it then crossed over the River Ashop in a  steel pipe  long, passed through a  tunnel under the hill and then via another open watercourse of  to discharge into the Derwent Reservoir a few yards north of the dam wall.
It was built of Ellistown Red Tapped bricks from the Ellistown Brick and Pipe Company.
In 2006, The Pipe Liners Club of Tulsa recognized Kivisto with its President's Award.
New York (safety and emissions test every year, method of emissions testing varies by county of registration: tail pipe emissions testing in New York City as well as the counties of Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester and Rockland, OBD-II emissions testing in upstate counties)
The exhaust pipe is made of stainless steel painted black to stop rusting.
The shepherd's pipe was the first instrument he learned to play.
The cathedral  pipe organ was originally built by the Liverpool firm of Rushworth & Dreaper in 1966; it was renovated and greatly expanded by Irish organ-builder Trevor Crowe between 2006 and 2007.
Mrs. Peacock in the Library with the Lead Pipe
Stalin loses his favourite pipe.
The raft then became caught on an underwater pipe, which provided leverage for the rushing water in the ride to flip the boat over.
The pipe organ, constructed by C. Anderson in Denver, was purchased in 1877.
They are especially useful in situations where changes to a wiring system are anticipated, since new cables can be installed by laying them in the tray, instead of pulling them through a pipe.
The turret was set above a pit; in early designs, the pit was formed by a standard section of concrete pipe  in diameter.
Orgelbau Klais is a German firm that designs, builds and restores pipe organs.
(An interprocess communication interface, for example, was implemented providing transparent read/write access between remote applications – using normal file system I/O, analogous to a UNIX pipe.
Stenocereus thurberi, the organ pipe cactus, is a species of cactus native to Mexico and the United States.
Its English common name is derived from its resemblance to a pipe organ.
It is also known to the United States, but is much rarer, with the notable exception of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
This is done to limit IR light to only certain areas of the pipe.
In 1994, the Windows and Daylighting Group at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL) developed a series of horizontal light pipe prototypes to increase daylight illuminance at distances of 4.6-9.1 m, to improve the uniformity of daylight distribution and luminance gradient across the room under variable sun and sky conditions throughout the year.
The light pipe introduces consistently illuminance levels ranging between 300 and 2,500 lux throughout the year at distances between 7.6 m to 10 m.
The 3M company developed a system based on optical lighting film and developed the 3M light pipe, which is a light guide designed to distribute light uniformly over its length, with a thin film incorporating microscopic prisms, which has been marketed in connection with artificial light sources, e.g.
On September 16, 1987, during construction for the new water ride, a sewage pipe collapsed off its supports which trapped a 49-year-old male construction worker underneath 2 feet of dirt inside a 10-foot trench for almost 25 minutes before eventually being rescued.
Organ pipe corals are restricted to shallow waters, and tend to live in sheltered areas where they eat plankton.
Organ pipe corals exhibit limited colonial behavior.
Because of these problems, scientists are calling for increased protection for organ pipe corals, ranging from protected areas to awareness campaigns, as well as investigating the potential for farming these corals.
Within the reservation, the highway passes near the Pipe Spring National Monument.
The cause was found to be a slow leak in a connecting pipe of the water gauge equipment.
There were frequent displays by the Army, Navy and Air Force, pipe band competitions and massed band parades and open-air dancing.
She regularly participated in skiing films, including Propaganda, in which she showcased her skills by sliding rainbow rails, spinning a 540 in the pipe and throwing back-flips.
While traditionally a pipe tobacco (and still available from some specialist tobacconists), perique can also be found in Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company's perique cigarettes under the Natural American Spirit brand in an approximately 1 part to 5 blend with lighter tobaccos.
Clouds are believed to be smoke from his pipe.
Chord charts can be represented in a schematic way as ASCII files, where bar lines are given as pipe symbols "|", chord symbols are approximated as text and beats may be indicated with a forward slash "/".
The tubes of candies were threaded onto a pipe cleaner and dropped into the soft drink to create a geyser.
In extra-curricular activities Elliot was a member of the school's Highland Pipe Band.
He supplied his voice during the Week 10 edition of Mike and Mike's "Stone Cold Lead Pipe Locks" on November 7, 2008.
That same year, Shawn falls into a pipe and loses his hearing.
Agathe and St. Adolphe, twinning of the distribution pipe between Ste.
On March 10, 1989, a pipe bomb attached to the minivan of a woman exploded while she was driving near the University Towne Center mall.
Pipe shade carvings for Fritts Organs Opus 5, 11 to 25, 27 and 28 were designed and carved by Jude Fritts.
A ventilation pipe passing under the vestibule arrived at this chimney, and then distributed the heat, when the window of this chamber was opened (like the "heat-making machine" at Versailles).
More recently, due to style preferences and cost, trends show fewer and fewer parishes use the traditional pipe organ, therefore this music has generally been written for chorus with piano, guitar, and/or percussion accompaniment.
One of these galleries contains a small Rococo pipe organ.
This will usually have an inner perforated liner, then a 1–2" (2.5-5 cm) layer of fiberglass insulation contained inside an outer solid pipe.
There are also 5' (150 cm) joints of the non-spiral type pipe available, which is commonly used in residential applications.
We both loved doing The Times crossword every day – which is a great bond – both smoked a pipe and both liked good food and a bottle of wine."
During its heyday, it housed a Wurlitzer pipe organ, which is now in private ownership in Washington.
Drainage into the lake is through a pipe running beneath Route 1A in the vicinity of the golf course to the north of the lake.
Replay is not available to view after every race in quick race mode, with the exception of Stunt Bowl and Half Pipe.
When she was young, her parents formed a pipe band.
There are male and female versions of the pipe (or gaita in Spanish), the female kuisi bunsi (or gaita hembra) with 5 holes, and the male kuisi sigi (or gaita macho) with two.
 The Pipe, by James Moloney (1996)
Area cable systems then picked up Foxnet for Fox programming after an unsuccessful attempt to pipe in KHMT from Billings; the Butte–Bozeman market would not get another Fox affiliate until KBTZ (channel 24) signed on in 2003.
He was also the caretaker of the chapel organ, the second largest pipe organ on Vancouver Island.
The process of internal erosion occurs across four phases: initiation of erosion, progression to form a pipe, surface instability, and, lastly, initiation of a breach.
Backward erosion: initiated at the exit point of the seepage path, this type of erosion occurs when the hydraulic gradient is sufficiently high to cause particle detachment and transport; a pipe forms backwards from the exit point until breach.
It is possible for water flow to cause the sides of the pipe to swell, closing it and thus limiting erosion.
The station was dressed as a castle ballroom with flaming chandeliers, Gothic murals and a large pipe organ stage piece, with dramatic lighting and audio.
Hamish’s Farewell Party with the Central Region Schools’ Pipe Band was on Sunday 15 September when Sion Barrington transferred him to the Farm Life Centre at Dunaverig.
The Misty Flip was first done by Jason King out of the Sugarbush half pipe circa 1991.
The shells of the pumpkin bomb were manufactured by two Los Angeles firms, Consolidated Steel Corporation and Western Pipe and Steel Company, while the California Parachute tail assembly was produced by Centerline Company of Detroit.
A chalice, also known as a wisdom chalice or chillum chalice, is a type of cannabis smoking pipe used most often by members of the Jamaican Rastafari movement.
He designed a speaker system based on the lower end of a pipe organ that allowed for considerable bass to travel across a spring floor in the school's dance room and in their chests, so they can detect the rhythm.
Even though a wide variety of coats, overcoats, and rain gear are worn with Highland dress to deal with inclement weather, the Inverness cape has come to be almost universally adopted for rainy weather by pipe bands the world over, and many other kilt wearers also find it to be the preferable garment for such conditions.
Be that as it might, the cape-coat, the deerstalker, and the calabash pipe were already associated with Holmes by the 1930s, chiefly in the United States, but the image became definitive with the first two films in which Basil Rathbone appeared on-screen as Holmes, produced for 20th Century Fox in 1939.
The tank outlets were connected with a power pump and a turbine that was used to open the gates of the outflow pipe.
 Pipe classes or piping line numbers
On 18–19 October 2011, the KANUPP Karachi nuclear power plant imposed a seven-hour emergency after heavy water leaked from a feeder pipe to the reactor.
The resulting flow of water supplied what was called the Pipe Water Establishment, a special division of Dublin Corporation, for centuries.
James Jepson Binns a pipe organ builder.
The gilded pipe organ (1714) by Johann David Sieber is the largest Baroque organ in Vienna.
The "LeRoy Corporation, Houston Oil well Firefighters" constructed a machine with an arm that was positioned over an oil well pipe on fire.
Study of the Product; Kendrick Pipe Case.
Picasso lived in France and French titles for his paintings were not uncommon (see Garçon à la pipe and Les Demoiselles d'Avignon, for instance).
A 300 pipe organ in the choir loft and a smaller Yamaha US1-C at the front of the church.
The 78th Fraser Highlanders Pipe Band has issued a CD entitled, "The Megantic Outlaw Concert."
On 18 July 2008, Singaporean police arrested Lloyd and charged him with possession of 0.8 grams of methamphetamine (the drug 'ice'), one smoking pipe and six syringes.
It features two frogs seated over the entrance, one smoking a pipe and the other playing a mandolin, while beetles roam freely over the walls.
Throughout its competitive history, the band has not won the World Pipe Band Championships, though it has been runner up four times and has won the drum corps prize 6 times to date under Tom Brown MBE and his son Gordon Brown.
Its pipe organ was built by Harrison & Harrison of Durham and was dedicated in 1894.
A rare Cahokia-made Missouri flint clay  human-effigy pipe was found at this site.
The barrel, with the inmate inside, was placed directly under an outlet pipe, where water, sometimes iced, would pour down."
Two pipe tunes were composed by Ewen Macdonald, for Sir James Macdonald, 8th Baronet.
Past pipe organists at the cathedral include:
On June 21, 1906, the 1858 building was destroyed in a massive fire, and plans were commenced to rebuild in a new location; the minister's son, John M. Lyle, was architect of the new building, which was opened on June 14, 1908, complemented with a large Casavant Frères pipe organ.
It is known for maintaining a traditional form of liturgy featuring the pipe organ, choir, men's schola and a wide range of music from traditional Gregorian chant to Renaissance polyphony and contemporary composers in its services.
Dance was born in Nottingham, England, the son of Isaac Dance (1824–1880) a pipe maker.
Known as a jolly musician who played many instruments at country weddings, including the guitar, fiddle, concertina, and a pipe of his own making, Stankevičius was killed by the NKVD in the Labanoras Forest when Kazimira was just one year old.
This mirrors the old worm pipe which lay in the burn which runs outside the stillhouse.
Three of the songs, "Hey Where's Your Girl", "Crawl Away" and "Superstar in France" are cover versions of songs from the album Poor Fricky by East River Pipe also released on Merge Records.
In 2005 it was transferred to Orlik of Denmark, renewing debate about blending/flavor changes in Dunhill's pipe tobaccos.
He was identified based on family resemblance and the silver pipe that had earlier saved his life.
After Michael shows them how to arm and disarm an anti-aircraft missile, his captors decide the technician is no longer useful and have Michael bludgeon him to death with a lead pipe in order to save his own life.
Cowan received a smoking pipe and tomahawk rights, which entailed marking a large chestnut tree on his property with three slashes, as a sign of peace with the Tuscarora.
Below lock 3, most of the canal has been filled in as the ironworks have expanded, but a pipe in the bed of the canal still delivers water to the works.
August 2014 saw band members travel to Scotland to compete at several competitions including the World Pipe Band Championships.
In March 2016, the band competed at the New Zealand Pipe Band Championships.
The pipe band played a major role in the celebrations, organising a highland gathering and tattoo.
The band currently has 32 players registered with the Australian Pipe Band Association for the purposes of competing at Association competitions and there are 56 pupils attending piping and drumming tuition each week.
Bog-wood (also spelled bogwood or bog wood), also known as abonos and, especially amongst pipe smokers, as morta, is a material from trees that have been buried in peat bogs and preserved from decay by the acidic and anaerobic bog conditions, sometimes for hundreds or even thousands of years.
Steve Pipe - drums / vocals
The floor received bright ceramic tiles, A special feature was also the public address system: Instead of many distributed speakers, the station had a single track-long sound pipe, which had only one central speaker.
The air forms bubbles in the pipe.
The energy of the falling water creates negative pressure inside the pipe that is compensated by the air from the outside atmosphere provided through inlet.
Today, trompes constructed of plastic pipe are being used to provide aeration for mine drainage treatment.
When the valve handle can no longer be turned, it is done tapping the pipe.
The compressed air mixes with the liquid causing the air-water mixture to be less dense than the rest of the liquid around it and therefore is displaced upwards through the discharge pipe by the surrounding liquid of higher density.
The air is injected in the lower part of a pipe that transports a liquid.
Since there are no restrictive pump parts, solids up to 70% of the pipe diameter can be reliably pumped.
As it begins to age her into an old woman, she ignites an exposed gas pipe, causing an explosion.
A pipe dream is to have a railway line from Kota Kinabalu to Kuching through Brunei though the cost of this would mean seeking funding from Brunei.
Changes to the exhaust system were made rearward of the catalyst "Y" pipe.
Water was taken from the River Esk, north of Longtown, through a  diameter pipe to a pump house.
The pipe would start from Shollar village and travel south to Hacı Zeynalabdin village (formerly known as "Nasosnaya" meaning pumping station in Russian) in the vicinity of Baku where it would be pumped to the higher ground on which Baku is located.
These generally consist of either a plastic pipe or a specially stiffened jib, and a spool to hold the furling line.
During the game, it is revealed that their gas pipe is not attached to their meter, but instead to next door's.
TriState was brought on board to abate strips of asbestos-containing pipe coating for another contractor to cut the holder bottle into  sections.
The Capitol Theatre opened on October 7, 1921 with sold-out a concert by the U.S. Marine Band, which helped raise funds for a pipe organ in the city's high school.
Mechanical piping systems offer an alternative to welding, threading, and flanging for joining two pipe ends.
The gasket sealing is enhanced as the coupling housing is tightened onto the pipe end.
Victaulic Sprinkler Heads / Sprinkler Systems, Grooved Valves / Grooved Pipe Fittings, and expansion joints.
The technology of joining pipe with bolted, mechanical couplings originated during World War I to speed up the deployment of fuel and water lines during battle.
Shortly thereafter, the Victory Pipe Joint Co. was established in London, England and a second patent was filed in both names.
The concept of joining pipe with bolted mechanical couplings quickly gained popularity throughout World War II.
The early installations of the Victaulic pipe joints included systems that needed flexibility; systems withstanding vibrations, shifting of soil, or other external influences.
The combination of ditch and net-covered hoops is known as a pipe.
On the train to Whitby Sparks also uses a magnifying glass, smokes a pipe and play strange music on his violin, characteristics similar to Sherlock Holmes.
The first instrument was built in Edinburgh and had a separate pipe for each pitch.
In 2005, Pipe had a good start with Rayados where in the 2005 Apertura the team was runner-up.
Pipe has represented Panama participating in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Based on comparison to Peveril Castle in Derbyshire, where construction of the great tower in 1175–1177 cost £184 according to the Pipe Rolls, it is estimated that the work at Buckton would have cost around £100.
During the Baroque era, keyboard music played on the harpsichord and pipe organ became increasingly popular, and the violin family of stringed instruments took the form generally seen today.
A Baroque ensemble could include one of several different types of keyboard instruments (e.g., pipe organ or harpsichord), additional stringed chordal instruments (e.g., a lute), bowed strings, woodwinds, and brass instruments, and an unspecified number of bass instruments performing the basso continuo,(e.g., a cello, contrabass, viola, bassoon, serpent, etc.).
The Renaissance dance music was written for instruments such as the lute, viol, tabor, pipe, and the sackbut.
In December 1921, the Columbus Board of Education purchased a thirteen-acre tract of land on Arcadia Ave., which included the old Columbus Sewer Pipe Factory, for $39,000.
Apart from canals and embankments, it includes 14 sluices, 11 pump stations, horizontal pipe drainage grid, etc.
A man was trying to rescue his golden retriever from a drainage steam, while he was sucked into an outflow pipe, and was found dead after being pulled out of a manhole.
Together,  the Vancouver Police Pipe Band and the VFRS Band serve as the two official bands of the City of Vancouver.
In a loop heat pipe, first the heat enters the evaporator and vaporizes the working fluid at the wick outer surface.
As a result of these limitations, different solutions involving structural modifications to the conventional heat pipe have been proposed.
Elizabeth – A kraken hid in the school's pipe system, so she followed it to the old swimming pool.
 Eden Park Stand Pipe (1894)
Many clans are also attributed pipe tunes.
Journalist and social historian Anne de Courcy has written of Chamberlain that "he did not smoke a pipe, nor, as Anthony Eden did, always wear the same distinctive hat, though cartoonists made the most of his ever-present umbrella".
Fundraising has begun for maintenance and restoration work on the pipe organ in the College Chapel which dates from the 1800s.
Homemade tube trumpets are natural trumpets constructed out of a length of hose pipe fitted with a kitchen funnel.
The pipe organ was built in 1899 by Gaetano Cavalli of Lodi.
These include examples of 1920s and 30s pumping stations, a residence, and the 72" (1,800 mm) main, constructed between the Upper Canal and Pipe Head in 1937.
5 June 1999: A Protestant civilian, Elizabeth O'Neill (59), was killed in an LVF pipe bomb attack on her home at Corcrain Drive.
The new company soon won contracts to supply pipe and steam-heating equipment in large public buildings such as the Cook County courthouse and the state prison at Joliet.
She learned how to march, salute, light a pipe, and swing a kitbag of the right weight, so as to give the correct appearance of a man, while always ensuring that "her femininity shone through, sometimes winking at the audience as if to let them in on the subterfuge".
The two 3-km arms are made of a long pipe 1.2m in diameter in which the residual pressure is about 1 thousandth of a billionth of an atmosphere.
Back at Nelson Mandela House, Del and Albert reveal to Rodney that there is some good news, because Del, having noticed that the diamond money was fake, had switched two of the diamonds for two of his cats' eye cufflinks and kept them hidden in Albert's pipe as a way of revenge.
Allan MacDonald, in his pipe book A' Cheud Ceud, refers to Murchadh as the Crann Tara of the Gaelic Movement.
Canada's Institute for Research in Construction (a part of the National Research Council and publisher of Canada's model building code - NBC) requires a special test regime for firestops for plastic pipe penetrants.
Rather than having individual buckets, RDWC bins are linked together most commonly using a PVC pipe.
He climbs up to a platform where he moves a crate to a nearby pipe with a valve and turns it to drain out the water.
Making his way through the labyrinth, Chowder fights two more living TVs and encounters the third boss, again the giant pipe, but has to defeat it three times before he can make his way to the actual basement.
In his final hours he requested that his tobacco pouch and pipe be carried to Washington, D.C., and given to the government.
He caught typhoid fever by resting near a sewer pipe in the guardhouse where he was stationed.
 12 November 1877: The first commercial telephone company enters telephone business in Friedrichsberg close to Berlin using the Siemens pipe as ringer and telephone devices built by Siemens.
 British standard pipe thread (BSP)
Different bands and musical groups play at two bandstands; bands have included the band of HM Royal Marines and many pipe and drum bands.
The Dump: This spot requires the spinner to drop his or her ball through a pipe into a gameboard which had Plinko-style pegs, manually operated flippers, other obstacles, and several receptacles for the ball to land in.
A hole is drilled through the wood and a pipe appears through which a gas starts to be pumped in.
While working for the Southern Pacific Railroad Company, he would invent the California pipe method for measuring water.
The specifications are the same as for a regular Starfighter 910R, but it features titanium manifolds, link pipe and exhausts and carbon fibre parts.
Another variant known as a pizzo, commonly used as a pipe for the consumption of methamphetamine, has a round bulbous shape opposite the open end of the glass tube.
All Saints is among only a handful of churches in Malaysia that still use the pipe organ.
With the Royal Engineers they constructed airfields and roads and erected bridges; they constructed the Mulberry Harbour and laid the Pipe Line Under the Ocean (PLUTO).
This exposure arrangement takes more time than a panoramic, as the source must first penetrate the WT twice and travel the entire outside diameter of the pipe or vessel to reach the film on the opposite side.
The satellite uses bent pipe communications.
"O'Toole" watches him run, smoking his upsidedown pipe, and sporting a mischievous smile, shakes hands with himself (a hand that emerges from his trousers, clearly O'Mike) over a shamrock-shaped iris out.
Fire resistance, earthquake resistance, mechanical ruggedness, theft resistance, and other factors also influence the choice of pipe and fitting materials.
A nipple is a short stub of pipe, usually male-threaded steel, brass, chlorinated polyvinyl chloride (CPVC), or copper (occasionally unthreaded copper), which connects two other fittings.
Alternatively, reducer may refer to any fitting which causes a change in pipe diameter.
Caps, usually liquid- or gas-tight, cover the otherwise open end of a pipe.
Freshly cut ends of pipe segments are carefully deburred to remove projecting slivers of material which may snag debris (such as hair or fibers) which can build up to cause blockages.
The center connection is generally to the pipe leading to a trap (the trap arm).
Threaded steel pipe is widely used in buildings to convey natural gas or propane fuel, and is also a popular choice in fire sprinkler systems due to its resistance to mechanical damage and high heat (including the threaded joints).
Despite its ruggedness, steel pipe is no longer preferred for conveying drinking water, because corrosion can eventually cause leakage (especially at threaded joints), deposits on internal surfaces will eventually restrict flow, and corrosion will shed black or rusty residues into the flowing water.
Threaded pipe is heavy, and requires adequate attachment to support its weight.
To make a solder connection, a chemical flux is applied to the inner sleeve of a joint and the pipe is inserted.
"Sweating" is a term sometimes used to describe the soldering of pipe joints.
Pipe welding is often performed by specially licensed workers whose skills are retested periodically.
These fittings are similar to regular compression fittings, but use an O-ring for sealing and a grip ring to hold the pipe.
Factory-installed flanges must meet carefully measured dimensional specifications, and pipe segments which are cut to length on-site require skilled precision welding to attach flanges under more-difficult field conditions.
This can save time and considerable expense compared to flange connections, which must be factory- or field-welded to pipe segments.
The groove is made by cold-forming (or machining) a groove at the end of a pipe.
Cast iron DWV pipe and fittings are still used in premium construction because they muffle the sound of wastewater rushing through them, but today they are rarely joined with traditional lead joints.
These pipe clamps are similar to hose clamps, but are heavier-duty and ideally are made completely of stainless steel (including the screw) to provide maximum service life.
Because these fittings are not as stiff as traditional cast-iron fittings, the heavy pipe segments may need better anchoring and support to prevent unwanted movement.
In Jamaica the word contrayerva refers to the roots of species of Birthwort or Dutchman's Pipe (Aristolochia) that are considered to have antidotal and other properties similar to Dorstenia.
During the WWE Championship Elimination Chamber match pay-per-view, Rhodes interfered, passing a lead pipe through the cage to DiBiase.
Villains (The Verve Pipe album), 1996
The second was a pipe burst behind the educational complex.
The primary cause of an excessive amount of dottle is a tightly packed or otherwise improperly packed pipe, where the tobacco has been improperly prepared or is compressed and will not burn properly.
This innocuous preservative used primarily in aromatic tobaccos can keep the moisture content high in pipe tobaccos even after drying.
Excessive saliva can be a factor but is rarely the cause of a "wet smoke" or pipe gurgle.
His gifts were accepted, and before he left, he smoked the pipe of peace with the chief of the other tribe.
Between 1878 and 1881, a sewage pipe was installed along the former Ballast Office Wall (now the landward half of the Great South Wall).
 Plastic Sound, an exhibit of musical instruments made of PVC pipe
The next day the problem was described as a fractured injection pipe in her sanitary pump.
"Highland Cathedral" is Patten's favourite pipe tune, as said by himself on a BBC Asia Today programme.
On January 10, 1901, the six tons of four-inch (102 mm)  drilling pipe began to shoot up out of the hole, sending the roughnecks fleeing for safety.
Because of this, a semi-trailer can haul longer objects, (logs, pipe, beams, railway track).
On the return march, some of Hand's men attacked peaceful Lenapes, killing one man and a few women and children, including relatives of the Lenape chief Captain Pipe (Hopocan).
Eventually, Captain Pipe turned against the Americans and moved his followers west to the Sandusky River, where he received support from the British in Detroit.
On June 10, Captain Pipe arrived in Old Town and painted the faces of the prisoners black.
This pipe turns out to be the one that was propping the roof door open; Joey and Ross are now stuck on the roof in the dead of night.
Once the hippo arrives at the pipe junction it destroys it, and the game ends.
The tank is capped by a vent riser, a pipe coming out of the top of the tank that terminates at a Kingston valve.
Compressed air from the core's compressor, 30% of the overall airflow, was bled off through a pipe to a completely separate two-stage turbine with its own combustion chamber.
The tuning of valve body is important for the blow back to prevent the excess filtrated being force back out of the pipe to with the release cake solid as this minimises wear and filter media maintenance.
2004 also saw the band qualify for the World Pipe Band Championships on Glasgow Green after coming through a tough early morning qualifier, a feat they repeated in 2005.
 Zigi Skarbnik - Piano, Pipe Organ, Vocals
In February 2009 the two-spotted octopus managed to manipulate the pipe connection that takes care of draining the water tank.
This creature has emerged from the tank, via a pipe, and climbed up onto the railing around the tank.
A pipe bomb was placed in the mailbox at Soros's home in Katonah, New York on October 22, 2018, as part of the October 2018 United States mail bombing attempts.
The first of the two rooms, long and narrow, shows signs of the two distinct functions, military and civil, that it had over the course of time: opposite the entrance can be seen a chimney pipe from the kitchen, while along the inside walls are found arrow-slits for archers, some walled up so as to be nearly useless.
During its first years, the United Association was essentially a federation of local Unions, rather than a truly national Union of the pipe trades.
Lastly the Shatin Lands Office stated that the construction of an underwater sewage pipe in the Shing Mun River would hamper the large vessel's ability to manoeuvre out of the channel in the future.
He was seen along with a group of officials under guard, looking apparently composed, "impeccably dressed" with a freshly starched uniform and trimmed moustache, and smoking a pipe.
This pipe is of  inside diameter, assembled from  steel plate in .
Geoffrey's brother and heir, Ranulf, assumed his mother's name of De Broc apparently in 1156, as the Pipe Roll of that year for Hampshire he is styled De Broc and for Surrey he is still called Purcell.
Hunter's Pipe Roll K. H.
In 1924, Robert Mathes of Bell Telephone Laboratories filed a broad patent covering essentially all electromechanical delay lines, but focusing on acoustic delay lines where an air column confined to a pipe served as the mechanical medium, and a telephone receiver at one end and a telephone transmitter at the other end served as the electromechanical transducers.
A rope pump is a kind of pump where a loose hanging rope is lowered into a well and drawn up through a long pipe with the bottom immersed in water.
Rope pumps are often used in developing areas, the most common design of which uses PVC pipe and a rope with flexible or rigid valves.
The deeper the well, the smaller the pipe inner diameter must be, given the available power constraints.
Today the Central Pori Church is famous of its pipe organ, built by Paschen Kiel Orgelbau in 2007.
Jack was the youngest pro-surfer to be invited to the Pipe Masters.
Pipe and Glass Inn
The church building also is noted for its Tiffany stained glass and its two tracker-action pipe organs built in 1967 by the Rudolph von Beckerath Organ Company (Hamburg, Germany); the church has fine acoustics.
While the Collins class submarines' performance has improved over time, their maximum diving depth was permanently reduced following the near-loss of Dechaineux when a pipe burst during a practice dive in February 2003.
The connecting pipe between the exhausts was removed and the exhausts redesigned to improve road clearance.
 P-trap, a P-shaped pipe under a sink or basin
 Schedule, in systems of pipe sizes
The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection funded a partial dredging of Wreck Pond and the extension of the storm water runoff pipe about  farther into the ocean.
Previously, however, was begun on November 7, 1892 by a groundbreaking ceremony with the removal of the water reservoir of the former Kaiser-Ferdinand water pipe in front of the Western Railway.
 Mixture control / engine management — Electronic intake pipe injection/digital engine management: BMW engine management, BMS-K with overrun fuel cut-off, dual ignition
Utility piping typically consists of copper, PVC, CPVC, polyethylene, and galvanized pipe, which is typically glued, soldered, or threaded.
They use surveyor’s equipment to ensure the trenches have the proper slope and install the pieces of pipe in the trenches, joining the ends with cement, glue, or welding equipment.
Alternatively, the rear of the tubes are joined together to a single large diameter pipe and flexible metal hose.
Their many recent successes include winning the 2007 New Zealand Pipe Band Championships (Grade 4), held in Dunedin.
As one of the only pipe bands in Western Australia at this time the band called themselves 'The Gay Gordons' and adopted the Gordon tartan in their uniform.
It was also in the coming years that the band produced the first known recording of Pipe Band music in Western Australia.
The most notable achievement in the bands short term history was winning first place in Grade 4 at the 2007 New Zealand Pipe Band championships.
Most recently in 2012, Coastals travelled to Ballarat, Victoria to compete in the Australian National Pipe Band Championships.
As he raises a lit match to the bowl of his pipe
Pakistani man Agha Waqar Ahmad claimed in July 2012 to have invented a water-fuelled car by installing a "water kit" for all kind of automobiles, which consists of a cylindrical jar that holds the water, a bubbler, and a pipe leading to the engine.
In 1900, four engineering officers were seriously injured while disassembling a pipe to repair it.
Pipe pairs in the hole are joined with a U-shaped cross connector at the bottom of the hole or comprises two small-diameter high-density polyethylene (HDPE) tubes thermally fused to form a U-shaped bend at the bottom.
Alongside the regular forecast, there was a quick speech from Matheson, a sendoff from Edmonton Police Pipe and Drum, as well as two fans who managed to sneak into the studio alongside staff and family.
For example, a leaking exhaust valve will make a hissing noise in the exhaust pipe while a head gasket may cause bubbling in the cooling system.
It was found in 1924 in Murfreesboro, Arkansas at the Prairie Creek pipe mine, which later became known as the Crater of Diamonds State Park.
When Tina reveals that she will lie to the police that Rob intentionally tried to kill her, Rob picks up a metal pipe and brutally beats Tina.
He was also a renowned diplomat and translator, earning him the nickname "The Walking Peace Pipe."
In 1962, the Pennsylvania Department of Health discovered pollution leaking into Naylors Run and attributed it to NWP's waste disposal practices after receiving complaints from local residents about an oily substance being discharged from a sewer pipe.
The fire was caused when a fuel transfer pipe inside the aircraft ruptured during in-flight refuelling.
The band has competed at every level within the contest structure of the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association, reaching Grade 1 in 1989 and 2012.
The organisation now has one band now in Grade 3B, led by Pipe Major Craig Whyte and Lead Drummer Ross McNeil.
Grade 2 pipe bands
In fluid flow it is the head loss that occurs in a containment such as a pipe or duct due to the effect of the fluid's viscosity near the surface of the containment.
v = mean velocity of fluid flowing through the pipe.
Friction loss, which is due to the shear stress between the pipe surface and the fluid flowing within, depends on the conditions of flow and the physical properties of the system.
 In laminar flow, losses are proportional to fluid velocity, V; that velocity varies smoothly between the bulk of the fluid and the pipe surface, where it is zero.
In turbulent flow, losses are proportional to the square of the fluid velocity, V2;  here, a layer of chaotic eddies and vortices near the pipe surface, called the viscous sub-layer, forms the transition to the bulk flow.
It is useful to characterize that roughness as the ratio of the roughness height ε to the pipe diameter D, the "relative roughness".
In the rough pipe domain, friction loss is dominated by the relative roughness and is insensitive to Reynolds number.
The roughness of the surface of the pipe or duct affects the fluid flow in the regime of turbulent flow.
Thus, the friction loss is not precisely proportional to the flow velocity squared, nor to the inverse of the pipe diameter: the friction factor takes account of the remaining dependency on these parameters.
The entire dependence of fD on the pipe diameter D is subsumed into the Reynolds number Re and the relative roughness ε / D, likewise the entire dependence on fluid properties density ρ and viscosity μ is subsumed into the Reynolds number Re.
The following table gives Reynolds number Re, Darcy friction factor fD, flow rate Q, and velocity V such that hydraulic slope S = hf / L = 0.01, for a variety of nominal pipe (NPS) sizes.
The difference in the character of the flow from the case of water in a pipe stems from the differing Reynolds number Re and the roughness of the duct.
 Pipe pressure drop calculator for single phase flows.
It is common, particularly in rural areas, to customise utes in the "B&S style" with bullbars, spotlights, oversized mudflaps, exhaust pipe flaps and UHF aerials.
Also in the Pipe Roll, 31 Hen.
David was a son of William Olifard, mentioned in the pipe rolls of Cambridgeshire (1158), Northamptonshire (1163) and Huntingdonshire (1168 and 1169).
This pipe is the target where the tejo is meant to hit.
These usually triangle-shaped envelopes with explosive material inside are set on the edges of the pipe where on impact with the tejo explode loudly creating a sound similar to the one created by a small revolver upon firing.
Though the chest size of the working terrier that can be used in any given situation may rise or fall depending on the size of the den pipe, smaller dogs generally do as well as or better than larger dogs.
Because of this, small dogs often receive less injury underground than larger dogs, which are more likely to find themselves jammed in a den pipe, face to face with the quarry, and unable to move forward or backward.
The offshore section and the Finnish onshore section uses  pipe with an operating pressure of .
 1917 - "  Sous-Officier écossais " , lithograph (man looking to the left, a pipe in the right hand, wearing a cap)
Known as the Picco pipe and marketed as a toy until early in the 20th century, the instrument was popularized in London in 1856, either as a toy by a blind Italian musician named Picco , or by a blind Sardinian player at Covent Garden .
The bore end hole of the picco pipe has a small flare, and the lowest notes were played with a finger blocking this end.
Weingarten - Weingarten Abbey and basilica which contains the famous pipe organ by Joseph Gabler.
Citing local residents, the human rights group reported that on September 14, a group of kadyrovtsy placed a severed head on a pipe on a footbridge across the Khulkulau River for "general viewing" and intimidation purposes.
It is thought that a burst pipe may have caused the collapse.
In the MetroTaifun Automatic Waste Collection System, the waste is automatically collected from 74 waste feeding points spread out across the area and then transferred via a 20-kilometre pipe network to a central collection point, keeping all the waste collecting activities out of sight and below ground with the central collection point well away from the public areas.
He has also been active in the preservation of theater pipe organs across America and has been a guest conductor for several symphony orchestras.
The title is held by the Inveraray & District Pipe Band from Scotland.
Grading and eligibility are overseen by the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association (RSPBA), and bands must apply for downgrading or upgrading.
The following is a list of some of the most successful pipe bands at the world championships.
World Pipe Band Championship, 2012.
World Pipe Band Championship, 2011.
The World Pipe Band Championships.
Highlights of the program include a pig-powered pipe organ, a Rube Goldberg-style spot remover, a cigarette snuffer, a soup silencer, a sweet-corn regulator, and an egg-frying device, replete with optional hen and rooster.
A further reference to Philip is found in the Pipe Rolls for 1201 of his uncle, John, King of England: "Et Philippo f. R. Ricardi 1 m. de dono R." ("And to Philip, son of King Richard, one mark as a gift"), but nothing later.
The church acquired the boat-shaped chandelier and the new pipe organ with two manuals and 23 organ stops.
Fluid in the pipe may "leak out" of the top of the vertical columns (assuming ).
In this situation, gravity causes the working fluid to plug the siphon holes, but the fluid does not leak out because the ambient pressure is greater than the pressure in the pipe.
In drilling technology, casing string is a long section of connected oilfield pipe that is lowered into a wellbore and cemented.
This and related API documents also promulgate standards for the threaded end finish, the wall thickness (several are available in each size to satisfy various design parameters, and in fact are indirectly specified by standardized nominal weights per linear foot; thicker pipe obviously being heavier), and the strength and certain chemical characteristics of the steel material.
Other than the obvious cost savings, the liner installation allows larger drill pipe or production tubing to be used in the upper portions of the well.
The program was sponsored by Old Briar pipe tobacco and Encore and Sano cigarettes, all of which were products of U.S. Tobacco Company.
At the start and finish of the show, Kane was shown in shadow, lighting his pipe.
This was because a pig's bladder was inflated by mouth through the snapped stem of a clay pipe then encased in panels of stitched leather.
Pipe : A back row set aimed at the middle of the court between a B and a C-ball [A|B|^|C|D].
According to Oneco, his ancestors had been given a sacred pipe by the gods as a symbol of their authority and, as a testament to their friendship towards the English, now stored it in the same location as they kept a ceremonial sword given to them by Charles II of England.
It was apparently intended to be used for the shepherd’s pipe solo in Act III of Wagner's Tristan und Isolde.
In 2008, the Plant produced 806,700 tonnes of pipe products.
Many pop pop boats produced in the 1920s had a single exhaust pipe.
The pipe organ was built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd and dates from 1907.
The band first entered competitions organised by the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association in 1977, starting in Grade 4, but by 1983 the band had been promoted to Grade 1.
Adrian Cramb took over the role of Pipe Major in 2008.
Scott Oliphant, Angus Clarke, Graham Mulholland and Ross McNaughton have all been Pipe Majors of the Grades 3 and 4 bands.
Difficulties that arose during operation and required plant shutdown and correction included leaking control rod thimbles, seizure of secondary sodium pumps, leaking steam generator instrumentation and pipe flanges, difficulty of adjusting fuel channel flow orifices, and failure of primary and secondary sodium throttle valves.
On page 52 Vowles, speaking of the advance of mechanical science in Russia, said: "Most large Soviet cities have their pipe networks conveying hot water or steam to domestic, municipal and industrial consumers."
He contributed a chapter to A Shock to Thought: Expression after Deleuze and Guattari, edited by Brian Massumi, and also translated Michel Foucault's This is Not a Pipe into Farsi.
Hijitus lives inside a giant pipe in the outskirts of town with his dog Pichichus.
In 1955 it acquired Moss Plastics, a plastic products manufacturer, in 1994 MSI Oilfield Products, a pipe protection business, and in 1996 it bought Payne, a manufacturer of tear tapes.
The water that flows continuously from the pipe is the spring.
Excavations have revealed walls with pottery remains dating from the 1st CE, with amphoras dating from the 4th to 7th CE, and remains of a structure carrying a ceramic pipe, most probably dating to the Byzantine era.
Protection for the rider was improved by fitting deep valences to the mudguard and by lengthening the exhaust pipe.
In June, between 400 and 500 people attended the Party Against the Pipe near the Shell compound in Aughoose, a family friendly gathering with craft workshops, music and food to mark the tenth anniversary of resistance to Shell's activities in Erris.
Phil Ward held the bottom of the pipe horizontally off the ground).
There is still an underground pipe from the artesian well behind the shop (in the market ground) to the water supply for the School-of-arts, however the rainfall at Red Range usually kept the galley in good supply.
Constantly withdrawing the entire heavy drill pipe is impractical, so wireline drilling methods were developed to pull up the core inside the barrel.
In the fall of 2008, Eastman dedicated the Craighead-Saunders pipe organ at Christ Church in honor of him and his fellow Eastman organ professor, Russell Saunders.
Nakamura made it to the Third Stage in the 2nd competition, failing there on the Pipe Slider, but in the 6th competition he was eliminated by the First Stage's Jump Hang.
Only eight competitors made it to Stage 3, which featured typical Stage 3 obstacles: Pole Maze, Spinning Bridge, Rumbling Dice, Spider Flip, Cliffhanger, and Pipe Slider.
Pumping can be done by turning or on a transition, like a ramp or quarter pipe.
On a pipe the weight should be applied to the rear truck throughout the entire transition.
During the summer months of 1969, Brigade engineers completed the  capacity Air Force tank farm at Cam Ranh Bay, after laying over  of pipe to complete the project.
Sivaji Ganesan's style of smoking a pipe in the film was inspired by that of an industrialist T. S. Krishnan, and his hairstyle was inspired by T. S. Narayanaswami, an industrialist then associated with India Cements.
 Martin Pipe – Beau Ranger (1987), Challenger du Luc (1996), Cyfor Malta (1998, 2002), Lady Cricket (2000), Shooting Light (2001), Celestial Gold (2004), Our Vic (2005)
The water is released slowly back in the underground pipe system preventing streets and footpaths from flooding.
It is designed to hold a soft, pliable hose onto a rigid circular pipe, or sometimes a solid spigot, of smaller diameter.
At the same time,the choir stalls and the pipe organ were removed.
Once a ball is drawn, it is locked into place by slats placed over the pipe leading from the drawing chamber.
The band signed to Rubric Records and recorded the single "Best Enemies/Oucha" and eventually the album Siamese Pipe.
 Martin Pipe – Tresor de Mai (2002), Tiutchev (2003), Our Vic (2006), It Takes Time (2005)
It is commonly available with national pipe thread ends or with plain cut ends.
This specification covers seamless and welded black and hot-dipped galvanized steel pipe in NPS 1⁄8 to NPS 26 [DN 6 to DN 650] (Note 1), inclusive, with nominal wall thickness (Note 2) as given in Table X2.2 and Table X2.3.
4.3 The weld seam of electric-resistance welded pipe in Grade B shall be heat treated after welding to a minimum of 1000 °F [540 °C] so that no untempered martensite remains, or otherwise processed in such a manner that no untempered martensite remains.
A pipe bag or tobacco bag is a common item used by some Native American ceremonial people.
Just to the east of the altar is the pipe organ.
In the late 80s and early 90s, the race was dominated by Somerset trainer Martin Pipe.
As Q (Liverpool Irish) Battery these dress distinctions were continued, together with the pipe band, though the cap badge was eventually replaced by that of the RA.
A small open pipe runs from this hole almost to the top of the central column, where there is an open chamber.
If the level rises further, however, the liquid spills through the chamber into the first pipe and out of the bottom.
Artists who have covered East River Pipe songs include David Byrne, Lambchop, The Mountain Goats, Okkervil River, The Pains of Being Pure at Heart, Hazeldine, For Against, Mary Lou Lord, and others.
Often, the orchestra will include the wooden fish (muyu), the pipa, sugudu, and sanxian lutes, the reed pipe, and the guqin and guzheng zithers.
It was remodelled a number of times over the years, including the 1971 addition of the pipe organ from the former Congregational Church in Baroona Road, Milton.
A metal doumbek is modified by attaching a piece of PVC pipe to the head via a suction cup.
Above Mogno is Alp Vaccariscio, famous for its high-altitude granite water pipe to irrigate the meadows, restored in 1998.
Tobacco exposure, most commonly through pipe and cigar smoking, can cause an optic neuropathy.
A restored 1929 Kimball pipe organ was installed in the theatre in 1975.
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), point source pollution is "any single identifiable source of pollution from which pollutants are discharged, such as a pipe, ditch, ship or factory smokestack."
Its orchestration also contrasts with those anthems, employing muted strings and a celeste, rather than a pipe organ and a choir.
Wee Willie Winkie (1937) - Pipe Major Sneath
The instrument went through many modifications from 1965 to 2005, and now has a new console (1981) and pipe ranks.
The article postulated that energy from the rear of a driver unit could be essentially absorbed, without damping the cone's motion or superimposing internal reflections and resonance, so Bailey and Radford reasoned that the rear wave could be channeled down a long pipe.
 The frequency of the pulse generated at the transducer results in a pressure peak at the terminus exit (odd ordered harmonic open pipe resonance) resulting in effectively low acoustic impedance of the duct and high level of energy transfer.
An electric is a batten that incorporates electrical cables above the pipe, often enclosed in a raceway.
It was during these years on the Kraft Music Hall that Bob Burns popularized his famous “bazooka” instrument (made from a pipe and a funnel), coining the term which was later used by soldiers referring to the 2.75-inch recoilless rifle anti-tank weapon, the bazooka.
The National Pipe Organ Register was begun by Peter le Huray and Mike Sayers in 1991.
Fraser's Scottish Annual records that "he was fortunate that the commander of the Seaforth Highlanders at that time was Colonel Guinness, an officer who took exceptional pride in the efficiency of his pipe band".
After service in Scotland and Ireland, he transferred to the 3rd Royal Scots on 1 January 1894 and after just a year's service with his new regiment, he became a candidate for the pipe major's position with the Second Battalion of the Gordon Highlanders.
Within two years, the new family was on board ship with the regiment to India — where a second son, Colin Murray Dunbar, was born on 3 January 1900 but not before Pipe Major Charles Dunbar was posted away to South Africa to serve in the Boer War, his first experience in action.
It is reported that he was also approached by the 48th Highlanders of Toronto but Charles Dunbar was unwilling to supplant James Fraser who was the regiment's serving pipe major.
Again, he volunteered to pipe the troops into battle.
At the time of his death he was known to be the only commissioned pipe major in the British Empire.
Pipe Major Syd H. Featherstone played The Death of the Chief as the casket was borne from the church.
An organ pipe, or a harpsichord string, designated as eight-foot pitch (8') is sounded at standard, ordinary pitch.
The particular length "eight feet" is based on the approximate length of an organ pipe sounding the pitch two octaves below middle C, the bottom note on an organ keyboard.
 ASTM B483: Standard Specification for Aluminum and Aluminum-Alloy Drawn Tube and Pipe for General Purpose Applications
Rick Wakeman – Hammond organ, Minimoog, Mellotron, grand piano, RMI 368 Electra-Piano and Harpsichord, pipe organ
The distribution system consists of over  of pipe with diameters ranging from less than  to  in diameter.
The DWU distribution system is made of several different pipe materials.
consists of grey cast iron pipe (CIP).
Pipe sizes in the system range from 4" to 120" inches.
Vert: Riders start at the top of a half pipe that has been carved into the snow.
He lost in a deciding leg once more at the 15th Players Championship, to Justin Pipe.
In fluid dynamics, pipe network analysis is the analysis of the fluid flow through a hydraulics network, containing several or many interconnected branches.
We add up the head losses according to the Darcy–Weisbach equation for each pipe if Q is in the same direction as our loop like Q1, and subtract the head loss if the flow is in the reverse direction, like Q4.
This entropy is then maximized subject to the constraints on the system, including Kirchhoff's laws, pipe friction properties and any specified mean flow rates or head losses, to give a probabilistic statement (probability density function) which describes the system.
A comparison of Bayesian and maximum entropy probabilistic formulations for the analysis of pipe flow networks has also been presented, showing that under certain assumptions (Gaussian priors), the two approaches lead to equivalent predictions of mean flow rates.
"The Main" featured the steady beating of a suspended steel pipe for percussion, which was often used in their live performances.
Heating System Pipe Connection between Nikola Tesla Power Plant and Heating Plant New BelgradeInvestment 190 million Euros from Power Construction Corporation of China.
Manto deposits may be formed in proximity to intrusives, for instance in the La Providencia mine, Mexico, a porphyry stock is the feeder for some twenty mantos as the pipe intersects favorable layers in the sedimentary sequence.
In 1970, members of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) were charged with pipe bombing the home of J.C. Nichols, in addition to other places in Kansas City.
The brand is best known for its distinctive red pipe wrenches, but the company manufactures over 300 different types of tools.
The Norwegian consul in Edinburgh, Bjørn Eilertsen, brought greetings from Norway's king, Harald V. Other attendees included the Lathallan School Pipe Band, Royal Norwegian Navy representatives, Hans Petter Oset (director of the Royal Norwegian Navy Museum), and Vigdis Hafto (the daughter of Bamse's owner).
A hose was hooked up to the exhaust pipe.
Modify the dynamic tuning range of the intake tract by functioning as a resonating pipe which can adjust the frequency of pressure pulses based on its length within the tract.
A longer inlet pipe will create a later intake pressure wave that will help keep the air in the chamber until the intake valve closes.
The earliest, and therefore probably most reliable, account is that of the medical writer Thessalos, who in the 5th century BC wrote that the attackers discovered a secret water pipe leading into the city after it was broken by a horse's hoof.
After a while, they restored the pipe, allowing water to flow into the city.
Although the sounds may bear such names as "flute", "string" or "horn", they are not intended to sound like their orchestral namesakes - the nomenclature is borrowed from pipe organ tradition.
A breaker bar can be improvised by inserting a wrench into a length of metal pipe to increase the available torque.
The salt well (or brine well) is used to mine salt from caverns or deposits by the use of water as a solution to dissolve the salt or halite deposits so that they can be extracted by pipe to an evaporation process that results in a brine or dry product for sale or use.
Recordings were also made while visiting friends: the title song's rhythm track is provided by a malfunctioning water pipe in Tim Hodgkinson's kitchen.
JD Squared, Inc. is an American manufacturer of tube and pipe benders.
Tube and pipe benders
The officer then searched the car, finding marijuana and a "pot pipe."
Throughout 1999 his brigade continued to be active, undertaking a pipe bomb campaign against Catholic homes whilst on 12 May members of his brigade shot and wounded a Catholic builder in Carrickfergus under the cover name "Protestant Liberation Force".
Soon after two pipe bombs were thrown at Gregg's house, and his friend Tommy Kirkham's house was shot at.
From a model developed by geologists working in the UK, the drilling pipe penetrated the overpressured limestone, causing entrainment of mud by water.
 Tools such as hammers, wrecking bars, pipe wrenches, or heftier flashlights such as the Maglite or Kel-Lite.
In the 1920s the Doode Stroom was the first part of the Binnendieze that was filled up after a concrete sewer pipe had been installed.
Latakia is traditionally found within pipe tobacco blends, although some avant-garde cigar and cigarette producers use it as well.
And as Syria provides the finest tobacco in the world, the prince of Syria, the Emir Bekir, had the reputation, and most deservedly, of furnishing to his guest a pipe far more complete than any which could be furnished by any rival potentate in the east".
Of the many categories of blends found through out the world, the most prominent use of Latakia are in those of the English Pipe Tobacco variety.
Because of this, many pipe smokers outside of the British empire (and even within, as many blenders kept their recipes secret) historically knew only of Latakia through the unique taste and smell of the blends they purchased from English merchants.
Christchurch police claimed the Hack Circle was a venue for criminal activity; on 20 October 2006, a 19-year-old was arrested for swinging a metal pipe around, and police claim that aggravated robbery, assault and the trafficking of cannabis happened in the area.
Usually, mechanical organs are pipe organs although some instruments were built using reeds similar to those found in a harmonium.
The Machine Shop building is temporarily dismantled and removed during site construction, while the former Pipe Shop and Coppersmiths Shop have been restored for retail use.
The Parr Hall is home to one of the few surviving unaltered pipe organs in the UK that was built by the great French organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811–99).
The interior featured a gallery suspended by iron rods, reportedly a first in a Cleveland public building, as well as the city's first pipe organ.
The San Bernardino train disaster occurred in 1989 when a train derailed on Duffy Street, followed a few days later by an explosion on a nearby pipe.
Her Guardian Ghost is a pink smoke pixie spirit named Enra-Enra (Enla in the 2001 English anime) capable of shapeshifting into various objects and its medium is Sharona's golden pipe.
A pipe organ built by the Wadsworth Bros of Manchester was sold for scrap.
Though talking pictures had been successfully introduced in 1927 and the new Orpheum Theatre was equipped with talking picture equipment on its opening in October 1928, it was still common for vaudeville and movie theatres to be equipped with a theatre pipe organ for use either alone or in combination with other instruments.
The Shannon Rovers are a pipe band based in Chicago, Illinois.
Starting the Junior race with number 36 riding a New Hudson motorcycle, Guthrie retired on lap 5 at Ballacraine with a broken petrol pipe.
Residents tried to scoop up fuel from the burst pipe and sewer, and were burned when the petrol ignited after someone threw a cigarette butt into the sewer.
Dave Valentin – ocarina (9), flutes (9), pan pipe (9)
The hall's pipe organ was built in 1923 by Harrison & Harrison, who also completed a restoration in 1992.
The Balmoral is widely used as a part of a uniform in Army Cadets and pipe band.
 Edie Martin as the woman on the bridge (from whom Alan Breck buys the pipe and tobacco)
In the ceiling there is a pipe that contains the Truderinger Hüllgraben.
A length of pipe is perforated along the top and sealed at both ends - one seal is attached to a small speaker or frequency generator, the other to a supply of a flammable gas (propane tank).
This original Rubens' tube was a four-meter section of pipe with approximately 100 holes of 2mm diameter spaced evenly along its length.
The exhaust system has an exhaust pipe coated with a nano-film to prevent discoloration and includes a 3-way honeycomb-type catalytic converter to meet EU and US (50 state) emission requirements.
This saw the restoration of the building itself, beautification of its immediate surroundings, redecoration of the interior, new seating at the front of the chapel and a new pipe organ.
Joined by Ultra Bide bassist George Porfiris, The Heroine Sheiks released an initial 12" single "(We Are The) Heroine Sheiks" on Amphetamine Reptile, then Rape on the Installment Plan on Reptilian Records (this title a reference to Celine's novel Death on the Installment Plan) followed by Siamese Pipe on Rubric Records.
From pipe laying to subsea construction to deep sea well intervention, it's really about the deep sea," said Alex Vicefield, chairman of the shipyard.
The game was first developed by Pipe Dream and released for the Game Boy Color, while versions for different platforms were released in subsequent years.
For example, the assassin was identified by the smell of a smoking pipe.
In the fight, Lucas hit the father on the head with a pipe, knocking him unconscious.
More developments were made in the pipe field, including a cartridge case.
In 1910 Black Cat began full-scale coupon trading, offering gifts such as pipe fillers and other smokers' requisites.
The pipe warms up to the temperature of the water and the relative expansion can be determined as a function of the water temperature.
Ezekiel was advertised heavily with "display material in the form of window sets, sets of dolls illustrating the story and made -- by the author -- out of pipe cleaners, etc."
Similar play techniques were employed in jug bands to blow the jug, stove pipe and partly watering can.
Pipe Creek also served by Northside School District in San Antonio, Texas.
A post office called Pipe Creek has been in operation since 1873.
It is a residential subdivision located several miles (a dozen km) south of Bandera and about  southwest of Pipe Creek.
In the early 50s he recorded a number of songs on the then Boston Music Hall Wurlitzer pipe organ (4 manuals, 22 ranks).
Collection of wasted water in special pipe lines to re-use for cooling equipment on the plant.
In plumbing, a trap is a U-shaped portion of pipe designed to trap liquid or gas to prevent unwanted flow; most notably sewer gases from entering buildings while allowing waste materials to pass through.
In domestic applications, traps are typically U, S, Q, or J-shaped pipe located below or within a plumbing fixture.
The Grand Organ (described by its builder as The Voice of Jupiter) situated in the Royal Albert Hall in London is the second largest pipe organ in the United Kingdom, after the Liverpool Cathedral Grand Organ.
However, the adjacent Pipe Bridge has a clearance of only .
The cause of the disaster was never fully confirmed, but the explosion was believed to have been caused by a leaking gas pipe.
Following the album's release, they toured with the Verve Pipe and also Kent, a critically acclaimed band from Stockholm then touring the US under RCA's European label, and had a lesser hit with the release of "Something Wrong" but the full-length did not sell as well as hoped, and no further hit singles followed.
Pete Dunning went on to play in the Grand Rapids groups Molly, White Rabbit And Barrel Bones while Scott Stefanski and Joel Ferguson played in The Verve Pipe.
The Pipe Spring National Monument lies in the southwestern section of the reservation.
6063 is used for architectural fabrication, window and door frames, pipe and tubing, and aluminium furniture.
Founded in 1985, the company specializes in buying and selling tube mills, pipe mills, and rollforming machines.
The church's pipe organ was built by William Hill & Son, of London, in 1891 and installed in 1906.
Stymied by the lack of a sight of the water jet provided to the audience, he used a tube to collect and pipe sunlight to the lecture table.
When they stop at an inn for the night, the barn where the horses are being kept catches on fire due to a carelessly dropped pipe.
Light tube or light pipe may also refer to:
At the same time, the Mad Anthony Wayne Pipe Band, which had enjoyed an initial two years of growth and musical advancement as well as an increased local profile, underwent a leadership change which lead to a steady decline which ultimately limited its ability to function.
In 2014 the pipe band only fielded a grade 5 band and competed at Smoky Mtn Games, Ohio Scottish Games, and Central Kentucky Games.
The water-cooled engine has a built in reservoir (larger engines usually don't have a reservoir and require connection to a large external tank for cooling water via pipe connections on the cylinder).
In the past, the line has been closed for short periods due to fires, flooding of the Kaiwharawhara stream, a burst stormwater pipe near the southern portal of No.
Some pipe clay was obtained from the coves around Port Jackson.
The down pipe  can terminate in a shoe and discharge directly onto the surface, but using modern construction techniques would be connected through an inspection chamber to a drain that led to a surface water drain or soakaway.
Around 1890 Pabst helped get laws changed which had required barreling the beer solely to tax it, and then his engineers developed a way to pipe beer directly from vats into bottles.
"The Pipe On The Hob" (instr) (Trad)
Appearances include the first Cork International Pipe Organ Festival in 2005 and a performance at the Cavaillé-Coll organ of St. Sulpice church, Paris.
The temple has also a school for training nadhaswaram, a classical pipe instrument in Tamil Nadu.
Waste material and wood shavings compost in the tanks and the vent pipe to reduce odours.
Investigations showed that the secret pipe had been active for ten years.
Thirteen employees testified to using the pipe to discharge contaminated water.
Buffalo and carp were collected closest to …the northern part of the lake where the illegal pipe discharged.
When interviewed in early 2005, the Illinois EPA inspector who discovered the secret pipe in 1996 was pessimistic about the chances of rapid remediation of the site.
A flame tube was fixed centrally on top of the fuel cylinder, it was a  diameter pipe that rose from the centre of the fuel cylinder and curved to extend horizontally approximately .
He was unpretentious in manner, and at Melbourne he at first astonished some people by smoking a pipe and going on his walks accompanied by a bulldog.
Helzberg Hall also houses a 79-stop, 102-rank pipe organ built by the firm Casavant Frères in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.
Surprisingly few entire windows of Powell quarries are to be seen in English churches, although they survive in little-seen locations such as vestries, ringing chambers and behind pipe organs.
The passage is extremely tight and filled with mud and water causing many to call it the "Sewer Pipe."
At one time, the school's pipe band was in the Guinness Book of Records for the longest piping hours.
He had never seen a woman smoking a pipe, so he tried to land in that field.
During the 26th Indonesia International Motor Show on 19 April 2018, the Mobilio E CVT Special Edition was released with a unique front grille, redesigned two-tone alloy wheels, exhaust pipe finisher, an  floating touchscreen display head unit, and an armrest console.
In Paste 'Em, teams had to make their way to a marked underpass on Tulsi Pipe Road beneath Dadar West Bridge and use the provided supplies to properly paste a six-panel Bollywood movie poster onto the wall to receive their next clue.
Variations include military or civilian aircraft, oil tank design, auxiliary equipment, and exhaust pipe configuration.
Novacek goes for the gun, but Tigh fights him off with the metal pipe.
At the same time, Transneft proposed an alternative project to pipe oil from Taishet in Irkutsk Oblast to the Far East port Kozmino near Nakhodka.
Below, an elderly man places his hand on the shoulder of a housewife as she lights a pipe - a symbol of life passing like smoke.
Determination of specific production pipe regarding well flow rates
in MIDC metal fabrication unit, cement precast and pipe making units, dall mill (pulse processing factory) etc are working
Its specifications can be found in the National Pipe Organ Register.
This contest featured brass bands and pipe bands.
Directional boring, also referred to as horizontal directional drilling (HDD), is a minimal impact trenchless method of installing underground utilities such as pipe, conduit, or cables in a relatively shallow arc or radius along a prescribed underground path using a surface-launched drilling rig.
The reamer's diameter depends on the size of the pipe to be pulled back through the bore hole.
Joseph Todaro Sr., known as "Lead Pipe Joe" to his crime family associates was a caporegime in the Buffalo family who reportedly controlled bookmaking operations along with his son, Joseph Todaro Jr. and his brother Richard Todaro.
 Pipe the Whiskers (1918)
O'Brien's other campaign commitments on law and order included his promise to eliminate the city's free crack pipe program.
Steed's report said she also found a baggy with white powder and a pipe with meth residue.
Air was supplied continually to the mouthpiece and ejected through a short exhaust pipe fitted with a valve as in the Fernez design.
The business procured tobacco leaf from suppliers in the southern United States that was converted to pipe and chewing tobacco at their small Montreal facility.
As part of his funeral the following week, his Fugue in Four Parts was performed on the pipe organ at the Cathedral of St. John in the Wilderness, Denver.
He still uses an early Boyd pipe for practice and demonstrations.
In 2014, after the brand went on a 6-year hiatus, Pepin Garcia reblended the cigar for Greensboro, North Carolina's The Pipe and Pint, the now exclusive distributor of the brand.
The national release event for the cigar will be on September 20, 2014, at The Pipe and Pint, with Don Pepin Garcia in attendance.
In February 2022, Metalloinvest announced the sale of 100% of "Ural Steel" to Zagorsky pipe plant.
Martin Charles Pipe CBE  (born 29 May 1945), is a former racehorse trainer.
Pipe was educated at Queen's College, an independent school in the county town of Taunton in Somerset.
Pipe remains within the game as an owner.
This will only operate when a pipe is broken and there is significant leakage.
Jim tries to run but hits his head on a pipe and knocks himself out.
When Eric wakes up, he is shackled by the ankle to a pipe in the bathroom with his gun unloaded and his flashlight out of reach.
They are also used extensively in cured-in-place pipe applications.
Tere and PET-UPR resins are used in many applications including cured-in-place pipe.
As the Crossley engine was so slow-revving, this resulted in an exhaust pipe with a length of  between the engine and its cast-iron 'pot' silencer.
The drum dates to the pre-Columbian era, and is used in traditional Peruvian dances, notably in Los Danzantes de Levanto where it is played by one person simultaneously with the antara, a type of panflute; that instrument combination is similar to the worldwide tradition of the pipe and tabor.
An additional  long pipe from the Brezovica tunnel should also be dug.
His fate is unknown until Saw 3D, when it is revealed that Lawrence passed out after using a hot steam pipe to cauterize his ankle stump.
The team plays its home games at the Pipe Yard in Lorain, Ohio.
Air bubbling through a perforated pipe causes an upward water flow that slows the spread of oil.
Air escaping from the pipe provides a "hump" of rising water and air which contains the oil spill.
This included a version of The Organ for five pipe organs.
800-JR Cigar, Inc., more commonly known as JR Cigar or JRCigars.com, is one of the largest wholesalers and retailers of cigars, cigar related products and pipe tobacco in the United States.
They display a special attraction to high-pitched sounds, such as car alarms and the beeping device attached to pipe bombs.
It is can be danced to pipe marches such as "The Barren Rocks of Aden", "Braes of Mar", or "Scotland the Brave".
This especially included solving many of the corrosion problems of seawater cooled condenser tubes and tube plates that had resulted in many ships being unserviceable and significant improvements in corrosion resistant alloys for seawater pumps and pipe fittings.
The 1981-82 ski season saw Telluride's first snowmaking system which included two miles of welded steel pipe buried three feet underground.
4 March 2016, the Large Ice was closed due to issues with the pipe works under the large ice.
All were fitted with a disc front brake and indicators and had a balance pipe between the exhausts.
Born in Caerphilly, Wales, Pipe began his career in the youth system at Coventry City.
On 5 January 2017, Pipe returned to former club Newport County on loan until the end of the 2016–17 season.
Pipe was released by Eastleigh at the end of the 2016–17 season.
Newport lost to Tranmere Rovers, 1-0 after a goal in the 119th minute.On 23 April 2019 Pipe announced his retirement from play at the end of the 2018-19 season.
At Meadow Brook Farm and Roop's Mill on the western edge of the city of Westminster, the highway crosses Meadow Branch of Big Pipe Creek and has an intersection with Hughes Shop Road and the eastern end of MD 832 (Old Taneytown Road).
There have been four pipe organs in the church since its founding.
Primary commodities carried include drilling mud, oilfield pipe, and sand to support the oil industry.
A steel pipe (casing) is placed in the hole, to provide structural integrity to the newly drilled well bore.
To walk begin at the bus park in Sundarijal and the large water pipe.
On April 6, 2009 the center was hit by a disastrous earthquake which caused heavy damage to the town (including a burst water pipe, which caused a landslide), resulting in an almost total evacuation.
 Quattutor ludibria for piano 4 hands and pipe (1977)
The Boston Music Hall Organ, installed in 1862, was the first concert pipe organ installed in the United States.
The patrol led by First Lieutenant Harold Schrier, captured and secured the mountaintop and raised the flag attached to a Japanese steel water pipe approximately 10:30 A.M.
The Glengarry Highland Games are primarily intended to be a showcase of traditional Scottish heavy events, Highland Dance, pipe and drum competitions.
During the Massed Bands, over 50 pipe and drum bands play together as a single entity.
The ceremonial opening of works for the construction of the second pipe of the Učka tunnel was marked on 17 December, which marked the beginning of the contractual construction period of the Vranje – Učka Tunnel section of 42 months.
After the completion of works on the second pipe of the Učka tunnel, the development of phase 2B2-2 remains, i.e.
 Pipe Dreams (1976 film)
 A note that continues to sound in a pipe organ when the organist does not intend for it to sound
The pipe organ was transferred to a church in Poland in 2020.
In 2018, the previous organ was replaced with a new pipe organ built by Dobson Organ Builders of Lake City, Iowa.
The new pipe, installed by Reale Construction Company, was installed and open to traffic on October 6, 2006.
Manton also was a longtime parishioner at the Episcopal Church of the Ascension in New York City, and bequeathed the church money for a pipe organ.
Tuckpointing was a way of achieving a similar effect using cheap, unrubbed bricks; these were laid in a mortar of a matching colour (initially red, but later, blue-black bricks and mortar were occasionally used) and a fine fillet of white material, usually pipe clay or putty, pushed into the joints before the mortar set.
Various artists: Miniatures: A Sequence of Fifty-One Tiny Masterpieces (1980, LP, Pipe, UK) – includes one track, "With Wings Pressed Back" by the Work
The water pipe was led to the observatory.
As a result, the pipe becomes stuck to the wall, and can require thousands of pounds of force to remove, which may prove impossible.
The drill pipe is pressed against the wellbore wall so that part of its circumference will see only reservoir pressure, while the rest will continue to be pushed by wellbore pressure.
In many cases the drilling fluid (mud) weight is reduced, thus relieving the pressure difference and releasing the stuck pipe string.
Jarring is not usually attempted with differential sticking due to the massive amount of pressure that holds the pipe in place.
Among them is a shepherd called Gyges, who plays on his pipe and induces the company to dance.
The church had a three-manual pipe organ built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1907 and installed in 1911.
"Operation Pipe Dream" by Baron has been cited by Skrillex as the driving force to him becoming a DJ.
In some areas the pipe is then glazed to ensure that it will be water-tight.
In 1955, Cajon Company was created, adding pipe fittings to the product line.
From here it may be possible to link back to the upper level to see the largest formation called the Pipe Organ but on busy days this area is closed to the public because the build-up of carbon monoxide may be hazardous.
The waters of Frederick Henry Bay form the eastern boundary, while Pipe Clay Lagoon forms most of the southern.
All machinery and pipe systems were gutted, and lumber was salvaged.
Omari Forrester as Pipe
A piston extended downwards from the trains into a slit in the pipe, meaning that trains were literally sucked towards the pumping station or blown away from it.
The Gabriel Kney tracker pipe organ was purchased by, and is now installed in, the First United Church of Waterloo Ontario.
They then restored the pipe and the desperate Kirrhans immediately began drinking the water, unaware that Kleisthenes had poisoned it with hellebore.
The cause is found to be an improperly secured gondola load—a section of  pipe fell from a freight car onto the adjacent track and was struck by a passenger train.
February 9, 1957 – United Kingdom – The engine crew of an unfitted freight train are forced out of the cab when live steam pours into it from a broken pipe.
Steel piles are either pipe piles or some sort of beam section (like an H-pile).
Pipe piles are a type of steel driven pile foundation and are a good candidate for inclined (battered) piles.
When driven open end, soil is allowed to enter the bottom of the pipe or tube.
Closed end pipe piles are constructed by covering the bottom of the pile with a steel plate or cast steel shoe.
The structural capacity of pipe piles is primarily calculated based on steel strength and concrete strength (if filled).
It is a combination of different materials or different shaped materials such as pipe and H-beams or steel and concrete.
and ceremonial items (catlinite fragments from the bowl of a ceremonial pipe.).
Margaret James began making these based on a traditional goatherd's pipe in the 1920s and the organization grew from this.
After the rudder was damaged and a steam pipe wrecked, Columbine could no longer be steered.
Dofasco’s wide range of steel products is sold to customers in the automotive, construction, energy, manufacturing, pipe and tube, appliance, packaging and steel distribution industries.
These dorsal follicle cells are unable to produce the pipe protein required for step two.
Because the dorsal follicle cells do not express pipe, they are not able to create this complex.
Common visual elements were a tuque, a sash and a pipe.
It is also thought the leak came from an underground pipe that ran from propane tanks to the propane/air mixers, which convert the liquid propane into gaseous form, so that it is in a form usable by the boilers.
The parish contracted Principal Pipe Organs of York to restore the organ, with the work due to start in 2010.
One of them applied heat from his pipe lighter to the sample and, to everyone's surprise, the accordion-shaped strip contracted and took its previous shape.
Barrymore plays crotchety wheelchair bound Julian Northrup ("Gramps"), who smokes a smelly pipe, cherishes a smelly dog, prefers fishing to churchgoing, occasionally takes a nip of “tonic” and indulges in mild profanity.
Instead of airplane-inspired wing blades, the design takes after the  Archimedian screw turbine, a helix-patterned pipe used in ancient Greece to pump water up from a deeper source.
Lewin is a vocalist and plays fiddle, vielle, rebec, gittern, shawms, recorder, mandolin, pipe and tabor.
"Two 20 feet [6.1 m] circumference brake parachutes and one 20 feet [6.1 m] anti-spin parachute ... housed in the rear fuselage above the jet pipe."
The ScottishPower Pipe Band is currently led by P/M Chris Armstrong and Leading Drummer Jake Jørgensen.
A cane pipe with fine carving on it and a trunk of books, containing his dissertations written when he was young.
However, in 2018, a broken sewage pipe in Bridgewater led to further contamination of the river.
 Condor pipe tobacco: "That string moment"
Additionally, there are almost endless details: just like the Golf R32 the Golf Speed has an exhaust system with a double end pipe in the middle.
He also served as president and manager of the Akron Cement Works, the Buffalo Sewer Pipe Company, and the Buffalo, New York & Erie Railroad Company.
Water from the reservoir, which has a catchment area of around 27 square kilometres, is carried via a 3 km large metal pipe down to the hydro-electric power-station in Dolgarrog.
Terkel is a boy attending 6th grade at a secondary school together with his best friend Jason, who carries an iron pipe with him at all times.
Whilst remaining oil fired, the engine has reverted to a single blast pipe set up as standard on the R class fleet as well as reverting to standard screw reverser.
Aristolochia tagala is commonly known as Indian birthwort and locally as Dutchman's pipe.
The first is a fuel gas pipe with an orifice at the end where the gas comes out.
 Stephen Bicknell, organ builder and writer about pipe organs (born 1957)
A clay pipe is wedged into the handle and a cat is busy interfering with the shuttle.
The 7th Battalion decided to form a pipe band.
 Static height is the maximum height reached by the pipe after the pump (also known as the discharge head).
This last shuts off the traction motor controls when the air pressure in the brake pipe falls below a preset level, which prevents the train from starting with inoperative brakes.
Her keel was laid down on 23 June 1942 at Western Pipe and Steel Company shipyards in San Pedro.
The ship's keel was laid at Western Pipe & Steel, San Pedro, California, USA, on 24 August 1942.
Wastewater engineers may also map out topographical and geographical features of Earth to determine the best means of collection, design pipe and pumped collection systems, and design treatment processes for collected wastewater.
The first reference to Bourne Castle was in the 1179/80 Pipe Roll
According to political prisoner Alex Polari, who claimed to have witnessed the incident, Stuart was then tied to the back of a jeep with his mouth glued to the vehicle's exhaust pipe and dragged through the courtyard of the Air Force base, resulting in his death by asphyxiation and carbon monoxide poisoning.
The company specialized in pipe repair and began to develop a high speed drill in the 1940s.41 It also began manufacturing tools for the Air Force.
By 1947 it was in poor order, but the parish felt unable to afford either to have it rebuilt or a new pipe organ built in its stead.
By the early 1960s the electronic organ was proving unsatisfactory, so in 1962–63 Compton's restored the pipe organ and took back the electronic organ in part exchange.
The 5 story home is over  long, with 49 rooms including 10 bathrooms, 9 bedrooms, a 3rd floor ballroom, pipe organ, and 5 fireplaces.
The pipe is fixed on the lifting frame by brackets, and closed at each end by cast ramp-and-claw seals.
The pipe is slung from the underside on straps, and closed at each end by threaded seals.
T-Stoff: High test peroxide equipment consists of a pipe which runs along the starboard beam of the lifting frame from the trunnion end to the halfway point.
The measuring tank can be filled to the rocket's required amount of T-stoff, after which any excess flows down a stand pipe to the overflow tank.
A-material line – light alloy pipe of 70 mm ID; Upper and lower connectors claw clutch size, NW 70 mm.
In 1996 Quinn joined the ranks of the World Champion Simon Fraser University Pipe Band, with whom he won two World Championship titles in 1996 & 1999.
This theme, usually used for heartfelt moments involving William and/or Lee Adama, uses an uilleann pipe and Irish flute in a heavily Celtic style, with lyrics in Irish Gaelic.
Shortly thereafter, renovations for the cathedral began and included the addition of a bronze bell weighing more than two tons, and the installation of the cathedral's first pipe organ.
One thousand two hundred and forty three claims were laid out at Koffiefontein in 1878 and by the early 1980s, several companies were operating at the kimberlite pipe.
The coroner concluded that one of the miners struck a match to light his pipe and caused the explosion.
A fireproof bulkhead separated the  fuel tank from the engine and a fire extinguisher was fitted with outlets to the fuel pump, inlet pipe and carburetor.
The first pipe organ in the Dome's Concert Hall was built in 1870 by the famous London firm of Henry Willis & Sons to a specification of forty-four stops spread over four manuals and pedals.
By March 1846 the line between Exeter and Teignmouth was substantially complete except for the laying of the pipe for the atmospheric traction.
He had decided to use a  pipe over the steep gradients west of Newton, and desired to accumulate as much experience as possible before committing himself.
A  pipe was to be used between Exeter and Newton, with  generally being specified west of there, but  on the inclines.
Pumping was intended to create a vacuum of  of mercury, but leakage of the valve forced a higher degree of vacuum, to , to be created at the pump to create adequate vacuum at the remote end of the pipe section.
At the end of pipe sections there was a metal closure valve to maintain vacuum as the train approached.
Where engine houses were located between stations, Kay states that the piston carriage passed from one pipe section to the next at full speed.
It was possible to connect two section of pipe and for one engine house to exhaust both sections.
The drill pipe operations were regrouped under the name VAM Drilling, and in 2013 renamed Vallourec Drilling Products.
In the Oil & Gas industry, Vallourec is a major provider for tubing solutions used in exploration and production (casing and tubing, connections and risers), the transport of hydrocarbons (line pipe and integrated welding solutions), services for the oil industry, and tubes for refineries.
A French drain, PVC pipe, or a patented drainage system is installed in the newly made channel.
 "Clean Break", a song by The Verve Pipe from the 1995 album I've Suffered a Head Injury
Today, some commercial projects pipe high-pressure steam into the oil sands reservoir.
In a nearby village lives a shepherd named Atsamaz who was given a magic pipe by a god.
Agunda asks Atsamaz to give her his pipe as a symbol of his love, but he refuses, explaining that it is a present from the gods.
Agunda regrets her words, gathers up the pieces of the pipe, and goes back to the castle.
In 20 minutes,  of  and  of  pipe - together weighing 85 tonnes - rose to the top of the derrick.
Some  below the surface, the drill pipe had broken off, and through this break the pressure of the reservoir forced oil and gas into shallower formations.
Other additions have extended the pipe to Montreal, Chicago and even Wood River in southern Illinois.
Where it crosses under the Fraser River into Vancouver at Port Mann,  of pipe lie buried nearly  below the river bed.
Initially unable to find a label willing to distribute the song because of its unpolished sound, the group convinced a San Diego department store to pipe their master through the listening booths in the record department.
Terrain Parks: Half Pipe, Jib Junction, Park Place 101
The conversion kit consisted of the trailer, an armoured pipe fitted along the underside of the tank, and the projector, which replaced the hull-mounted Besa machine gun.
A pipe organ was installed in 1934 and re-inaugurated in 1989 after a nine-year restoration.
Samuel Renn (1786–1845), English pipe organ builder and businessman
In the hamlet of Bruceville, MD 194 crosses Big Pipe Creek and intersects Keysville Bruceville Road, which heads northwest toward the village of Keysville and Terra Rubra, the birthplace of Francis Scott Key.
The roads commission resurfaced the turnpikes' macadam surface from Ceresville to Little Pipe Creek to a width of  by 1926.
MD 71 received a new steel I-beam bridge over Big Pipe Creek in 1940; this bridge was replaced in 2005.
The state highway was reconstructed and widened from the Little Pipe Creek Bridge to New Midway in 1952 and 1953.
The inquisition shoves a funnel in his mouth and turns on a water pipe.
These consisted of several horizontal arms extended like the radii of a semicircle, at the end of each of which a brass pipe was attached.
On 1 January 1996, when the group returned from the holidays to their recording studio, Electric Palace, in London, they found that a water pipe had burst and had destroyed hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of equipment.
The Kyrgyzstan section of pipe line is operated by KyrKazGas, the joint venture of KazTransGas and Kyrgyzgas.
Although common pipe threads are tapered and therefore will achieve an interference fit during proper assembly, machining and finishing variances usually result in a fit that does not result in 100 percent contact between the mating components.
Pipe dope also acts as a lubricant and helps prevent seizing of the mating parts, which can later cause difficulty during disassembly.
 fill minute spaces between mating pipe fittings (kaolin), and 
Improper selection of the type of pipe dope may result in leakage despite best assembly practices.
Pipe dopes used in oil drilling frequently include powdered graphite, lead and zinc, and sometimes copper suspended in grease.
The pipe has a few (usually five) finger holes drilled into it.
Friedman urged the US to destroy "in Belgrade: every power grid, water pipe, bridge [and] road", annex Albania and Macedonia as "U.S. protectorates", "occupy the Balkans for years,"  and "[g]ive war a chance."
As I reached in my pocket to get a match to light my pipe, look what I pulled out of the pocket — some dog biscuits!
Such an event is often called a bubble, by analogy with an air bubble in a fluid pipe.
East of Wingham Canterbury Road the railway crossed the Wingham Stream, and merely dropped a concrete pipe in the streambed and piled the embankment on top.
Investigations revealed that whilst the air brake train pipe was connected from the locomotive to the train, the associated isolating cock was left closed.
Born in Marshalltown, Iowa; he spent most of his youth in South Dakota; first in Aberdeen, where he took up the pipe organ and taught piano.
Martha and Tish lure Lazarus to the top of the Cathedral's bell tower, and the Doctor manipulates the church's pipe organ to produce the maximum volume it can.
He had his best run of the year at the eighth Players Championship by knocking out Kevin Painter, Steve Brown, Michael Smith and Justin Pipe to play in the quarter-finals, where he was whitewashed 6–0 by Jamie Caven.
2013: First round (lost to Justin Pipe 0–3)
In January 1774, during a conference of the Six Indian Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy at Johnson Hall near present-day Albany, New York, Croghan announced that Custaloga was to be succeeded as chief by his nephew Captain Pipe, a noted war leader.
After Manolo agreed to check the pipe the next day, the caller thanked him calling him "Manolo Cabeza de Huevo".
He told Manolo to fix his pipe.
Because of the translated meaning and his status as a chief, the British called him Captain Pipe.
Captain Pipe, as the colonists called him, is first noted in historical records in 1759 among the warriors at a conference held at Fort Pitt, July 1759.
By 1773, Captain Pipe succeeded Custaloga as chief of the Lenape Wolf Clan.
In 1778 Captain Pipe was with White Eyes and Killbuck, contemporary Lenape leaders of the Turkey Clan, when they signed the first treaty between the Continental Congress and Native peoples.
Believing that the Americans could not protect them from the British and their native allies, Captain Pipe and many other Lenape bands began to reach out to the British as allies.
Captain Pipe became the leader of Lenape who supported the British and moved his people to the Tymochtee Creek near the Sandusky River.
In 1782, Pipe helped defeat the Crawford Expedition, headed by William Crawford.
In 1788 when settlers landed at what is now Marietta, Ohio, they found Captain Pipe and about seventy warriors encamped in the area.
According to the most reliable accounts, Captain Pipe was then about forty-eight years of age.
In 1791, Captain Pipe participated in the battle that ended with St. Clair's defeat, and is said to have “slaughtered white men until his arm was weary with the work.” He was likely also present at the Battle of Fallen Timbers.
By the 1810s and 1820s, Captain Pipe realized his people had little chance against the Americans and began to negotiate treaties with the United States government.
Chief Pipe was said to have died around 1818 near Orestes and is supposedly buried there.
On February 23, 1999, four workers at the Avon Refinery in Concord were burned to death after they tried to replace a leaky oil pipe.
 Yann Tiersen – violin, accordion, mandolin, bells, harpsichord, piano, old typewriter, strings, banjo, guitar, marmites, melodica, handclaps, toy piano, small pipe, music box
His trademark curved pipe, that he always carried with him, made him an easily recognized New York iconoclast.
In Taib's early days of studying in Australia, he was fond of wearing a designer suit, a hat, and a smoking pipe instead of baju melayu and songkok (traditional Malay attire).
The jet pipe was angled downwards, running beneath the cockpit to an exhaust on the lower starboard side of the fuselage, somewhat counteracting the torque generated by the aircraft's three-bladed propeller as well as contributing roughly 20 percent of the aircraft's total static thrust.
Jenkins dropped just two sets as he made it through to the quarter-finals of the 2012 World Championship, beating Joe Cullen, Co Stompé and Justin Pipe.
Fuel was supplied by a 20-kilometre underground pipe network connected to a military warehouse on Pokoj Hill near Bihać.
This firm top layer and looser bottom layer produce a long burn with fewer re-lights, suitable for competition smoking or general pipe smoking.
Free reed aerophone: The musical pipe organ employing metal piston bellows had a long history in the Western world, dating back to the Hellenistic period.
Marchand reports that some individuals use L. camphoratus as part of a pipe tobacco mix.
1906 saw the introduction of a pipe band competition for Army bands, at the suggestion of Malcolm McCulloch.
The pipe band competition continues to be held but with a reduced number of entrants.
The present pipe organ was built by Hill, Norman & Beard from Melbourne and was used by St James' Anglican Church, King Street, Sydney, while their organ was being rebuilt.
Parliamentary attacks broke the pipe carrying water into the castle, and the cisterns in the courtyard were destroyed by exploding shells, forcing the garrison to depend on the older castle well.
Rita later tells Dexter that he provoked a fight shortly thereafter with another inmate, who beat him to death with a pipe.
 La Farge, Oliver, The Man with the Calabash Pipe (Houghton Mifflin, 1966)
A large pipe organ completed the project and in 1919, with all debts dissolved, St Carthage's Cathedral received its solemn dedication by the Apostolic Delegate, Archbishop Cattaneo.
The instrument was rebuilt in 1975 by Laurie Pipe Organs who converted the manual actions back to mechanical, electrified the pedal and stop actions, provided a new attached drawstop console, and supplied new Mixtures to the Great and Swell, a Trumpet 8 ft, and the pedal upperwork.
 In May 2004, there was an attempt by a Russian neo-nazi organization to set on fire a synagogue in Tiraspol, using a Molotov Cocktail and a flammable liquid near a gas pipe.
An 8 million dollar request for proposal was prepared by American Rivers nonprofit in 2016 to demolish the dam to expose and remove 1,700 feet of non-supported sewer pipe situated on silt built up behind the facility.
"The Urban Commune: Fact or Fad, Promise or Pipe Dream", Saul V. Levine, et al., 1971, Toronto University, ERIC #: ED067571
A lumber yard or woodworking store should have a piece readily available to fit the opening also, metal or pipe.
Anderson recovered from 5–3 down to Justin Pipe in the final to win 6–5, surviving six match darts from his opponent in the process and said afterwards his goal for the year was to reclaim his ranking in the top eight.
Connolly, playing acoustic guitar, is joined on stage by female backing vocalist Julienne Taylor and, from the bridge onwards, by the College of Piping pipe band.
The pipe organ was rebuilt in 1964.
The pipe organ is a two-manual instrument built by Conacher and Co., one of only two in Scotland (the other is in St Mary's Cathedral, Aberdeen).
His only constant companion in the room besides the burning lamp was his pipe.
His method of initiation involved sharing his pipe or by transfixing his gaze on them (called drishtipat).
He was known to smoke a pipe, and was able to during his appearances on Le Petit Rapporteur.
St Peter's had a large pipe organ built-in 1888 for the Hampstead Conservatoire of Music by Henry Willis and brought to Brighton in 1910.
Lookout Pass has two freestyle terrain parks, and a quarter pipe that is .
We started mixing a bit of reggae and funk with pipe tunes.
The experimental "Shifting Peat & Feet" features lyrical pipe playing and backwards drumming from the band's percussionist Iain Copeland.
Winning accolades and awareness for the pipe organ from both critics and audiences alike, Jacobs has performed on five continents, and by the age of 32 performed in each of the 50 United States.
In this area, also, was found the blackstone chief's head pipe that is famous of Lillooet artifacts; found buried in volcanic ash, one supposes from the 2350 BP eruption of the Mount Meager massif.
The central section is square shaped, with an arch and water pipe placed into it.
The saturated water at the bottom of the steam drum flows down through the downcomer pipe, normally unheated, to headers and water drum.
There is no pipe borne central water and central gas supply.
Alex Monaghan of The Living Tradition said that "the whole Croftwork thing is an enjoyable diversion from musical convention, full of surprises but still loosely tied to its pipe and fiddle heritage."
In 1998 the organ was restored and returned to El Paso as a donation by the late Karl O. Wyler, Sr.. During renovations of the theater, the organ was put on display at Sunland Park Mall located in Northwest El Paso The organ was rebuilt by Pipe Organ Artisans of Arizona, Tucson, and re-installed.
The property survived until at least the Severan dynasty (193-235) when it became the emperor's private property as shown by a stamped lead water pipe.
He began playing at age eight and has performed competitively in Scotland with a major American pipe band.
These diffusers are typically made in the shape of a perforated rectangular pipe called a wide band, or a cap of  in diameter with an elastomeric membrane.
India can supply its surplus electricity to Pakistan and Bangladesh in return for the natural gas imports by gas pipe lines.
The outlet pipe is typically larger than the inlet.
 Smaller package on the larger pipe sizes.
Games: Halloween Fever, Photo Puzzle, Virus, Pipe
MD 27 crosses Morgan Run south of the hamlet of Warfieldsburg and crosses the Maryland Midland Railway and Little Pipe Creek at Spring Mills.
Rusting bits of pipe are still visible in places.
Critical reception of Full Pipe has been mixed.
The neighborhood hosts the art-deco Laurelhurst Theater, the Bond Organ Builders, which makes and refurbishes real pipe organs, and the Oregon Children's Theatre, which houses its Box Office, YP Studio Theater & Classes at 1939 NE Sandy Blvd.
1980: Manufacturing of PVC Pipe commenced with a small annual capacity of 300 MTs which was increased to over 35, 600 MTs per annum by 1997.
 World’S Largest Plastic Pipe Mosaic Portrait World Record set by Jain Irrigation Systems
According to Harris County prosecutor Mike Trent, the attackers may have poured bleach inside the pipe as high levels of toxins were found in Ritcheson's organs.
Bell was convicted in 1997 by Chief Justice Armand DesRoches on charges of exploding four pipe bombs over a period of eight years and was given a nine-year sentence which he served at the Springhill Institution in Nova Scotia.
After a 6-year lull, a pipe bomb planted in a trash can in Halifax's Point Pleasant Park was discovered in 1994.
He might also have failed to reconnect the brake pipe or open the train brake cock.
In 1960, the kindergarten moved to Tahuna Street, and the vacated building was occupied jointly by Grafton United Cricket Club, Ponsonby Soccer Club and the Pipe Band.
Laura cuts open a gas pipe and turns on the light, causing an explosion.
Available extensions include a Document Object Model (DOM) inspector, pipe features, additional language support and user interface enhancements.
Webster played Burnett in the third round of the UK Open and was defeated 2–9, and he lost 4–10 to Justin Pipe in the first round of the World Matchplay.
The diving depth record for off-shore (saturation) diving was achieved in 1988 by a team of professional divers of the Comex S.A., industrial deep-sea diving company performing pipe line connection exercises at a depth of  of seawater (msw/fsw) in the Mediterranean Sea as part of the Hydra 8 programme.
The process of CIPP involves inserting and running a felt lining into a preexisting pipe that is the subject of repair.
A resin impregnated felt tube made of polyester, fiberglass cloth, spread tow carbon fiber or another resin-impregnable substance, is inserted or pulled through a damaged pipe.
As the resin cures, it forms a tight-fitting, joint less and corrosion-resistant replacement pipe.
Smaller diameters (100 mm) can be opened remotely using smaller cutters designed for small diameter pipe.
In 1971, Eric Wood implemented the first cured-in-place pipe technology in London, England.
The curing may take from one hour to 30 hours depending on pipe diameter and curing system (steam, water or uv) and must be carefully monitored, inspected, and tested.
On September 26, 2017, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) published a Science Blog contribution regarding Inhalation and Dermal Exposure Risks Associated with Sanitary Sewer, Storm Sewer, and Drinking Water Pipe Repairs.
These students copied the Spanish sailors and soldiers in the area by joining them in participation of pipe smoking.
For example, in Willem Buytewech’s painting The Merry Company (circa 1620-1622), there are three young men and a woman sitting around a table with a tobacco pipe lying in the middle.
It develops, manufactures and markets RTP, which is a flexible high pressure pipe.
The pipe mainly benefits applications where steel fails due to corrosion and installation time is an issue.
Primarily, the pipe provides benefit to applications where steel may rupture due to corrosion and installation time is an issue.
Many lodge rooms are equipped with a pipe organ or electronic organ, and in others, there is provision for a wider range of instruments.
The New York Times reported on December 13, 1981 that James would play at the recently restored Pascack Theater in Westwood, New Jersey, a deluxe movie house with facilities for stage productions and a specially built Wurlitzer pipe organ for accompanying silent films.
On May 1, 2010, the Chestnut Hill Reservoir was temporarily brought back online during a failure of a connecting pipe at the end of the MetroWest Water Supply Tunnel.
A section of a Japanese steel water pipe was found on the mountain and the battalion's flag Lt. Schrier had carried was tied on to it by Lt. Schrier, Sgt.
Once on top, the flag was attached to another Japanese steel pipe.
Recently the Barbados Free Press reported that even the mains water supply to the grounds, aviaries and cafe had been cut off, the supply pipe apparently having been deliberately sawn apart.
A long section of a Japanese steel water pipe was found on the mountain and the battalion's flag was tied on to it by Lt. Schrier, Sgt.
The family rush home, past the New River and a tavern with a sign showing Sir Hugh Myddleton, who nearly bankrupted himself financing the construction of the river to bring running water into London in 1613 (a wooden pipe lies by the side of the watercourse).
In the same year, a pipe organ built by A.
Major has made eight compact disc recordings playing the Washington Cathedral's large pipe organ.
Jasmine discovered that one such talisman was in fact the mouthpiece of the Pirran Pipe.
Emlis plays the Pirran Pipe in the Shadowlands.
She and her people helped to save The Shadowland prisoners after hearing the music of the Pirran Pipe.
While journeying to the Island of Auron (also referred to as "The Isle of Illusion"), Lief, Barda and Jasmine suspected he was going to help them get his piece of the Pirran Pipe and then murder them and keep both his piece and their own, for himself.
Auron the Fair played the pipe so wonderfully that her audience wept.
Originally found during the search for the Pirran Pipe, Fidelis was awakened when Lief came into his territory wearing the true Belt of Deltora.
He didn't count on Lief and his companions also bringing with them the reassembled Pirran Pipe that they used to free those enslaved and take them to Deltora.
The word "stacking" comes from the term "stack" for exhaust pipe or chimney stack.
Law enforcement officials found twenty "suspected pipe bombs," nine "destructive devices," bags of high explosives hanging in the trees, smoke grenades, materials for partially constructed nail bombs, two .50-caliber rifles, 18 other guns, and over 60,000 rounds of ammunition.
They meet the needs of various industries such as: automotive, home appliances, pipe making, pressure vessels, foodstuff, chemical material and medical packing, construction, transportation, naval industries, and heavy metal equipment.
A dam may create a reservoir hundreds of kilometres long, but in run-of-the-river the head is usually delivered by a canal, pipe or tunnel constructed upstream of the power house.
The soundtrack also includes songs by popular artists such as Pulp, Scott Weiland, Iggy Pop, Chris Cornell and The Verve Pipe.
No reliable sources exist to the number of killed or the nature of a blast (either a gas pipe leak or WWII ammunition).
Among the first businesses started in the zone were a printing house, an agricultural chemicals plant, a pipe factory and a chips factory.
Other unusual elements included the teardrop silhouette, side exit exhaust pipe, and the suicide doors on the passenger side only.
A  pipe will be laid from each platform to the coast.
After the closing of the Earl Carroll Theatre in New York City in 1931, however, Asbury Park purchased that theatre's 3 manual/7 rank pipe organ and installed it in Convention Hall.
Being impressed with mound #8, Henderson illustrated an Eagle pipe unearthed from the mound about 40 years earlier by a Daniel Burn, John W. Windsor and others.
of the Vancouver Police Pipe Band.
Notably, a large contingent of players hail from the UK, led by Pipe Corporal Gary Nimmo.
The object of the game is to earn points by tossing metal washers, usually around two inches in diameter, and 1/8 inch thick, toward a hole, usually denoted by a can or PVC pipe, often in a box.
 Bass reflex - a type of loudspeaker enclosure that uses a port (hole) or vent cut into the cabinet and a section of tubing or pipe affixed to the port
A bypass pipe was installed between approximately Tunis and Main streets to divert flood flows from the Forbes Creek channel where it winds through a heavily populated residential and commercial area.
Then Inflatable bladder placed inside pipe below lugs.
A search of his apartment turned up three sticks of dynamite, three sticks of plastic explosives, several lengths of pipe, three pistols, two rifles and a shotgun, and around 200 rounds of ammunition.
Western Australia Police Pipe Band
In 2013 the company built a new pipe coating facility in Mo I Rana, Norway as a result of its first major European contract with Statoil.
One of the exhibitions ended with a Bushman healing ceremony that included the lighting of a sacred peace pipe and traditional song and dance.
Jean's angry father blames Dan for leaving his pipe in the hall and forbids Dan seeing his daughter again.
On stage, Dan and the company sing ‘Dixie' while his pipe, once again left lying around, starts a fire.
Pipe ramming is preferable for shorter distances and applications that do not require tight directional control, such as cable installations.
These objectives are usually achieved by attaching a soil-cutting shoe or special bands to the pipe.
The Etiwanda Water Company, a mutual water company, and pipe system of irrigation designed by George Chaffey became the standard for water system management in southern California.
A month later, he performed at the largest pipe organ in the island nation of Bermuda, playing the 88-rank organ of St. Paul's Anglican Church there in a concert broadcast by Sacred Classics.
Out of over a hundred theatres in the Detroit area that contained pipe organs when they were built, the Redford Theatre is the only neighborhood theatre with its original theatre organ.
 Gas Pipe Line Act, RSM 1987, c. G50
The organ, notable for being the only pipe organ in Thailand, is at the east end of the north aisle.
Made of two pieces of pipe that fit snugly together, the "paliuntod" were simple, single shot guns.
In 1946, pipe guns were patented in the United States by Iliff D. "Rich" Richardson, who fought with the Filipino insurgents during the Japanese occupation.
Nicotine is an addictive substance found most commonly in tobacco and tobacco products including cigarettes, cigars, chewing tobacco, e-cigarette liquid, pipe tobacco, snus, snuff, and nicotine medications such as nicotine gum.
It is depicted in a sitting pose, with a hollow throat and the mark of a pipe (now lost) running down its back; this suggests that it was at some point used as a fountain.
Under the trees, beyond the female figure, may be seen a group of peasants; some are dancing, while one plays on a pipe.
 St. Laurence O'Toole Pipe Band
During his tenure at the Met, he created the lead tenor roles in three American operas: Walter Damrosch's Cyrano, Horatio Parker's Mona, and Frederick Shepherd Converse's The Pipe of Desire.
When the Rockets resumed play against Bowling Green, the Peace Pipe was instituted as a basketball award.
The thief was never caught, nor was the pipe ever recovered.
Bowling Green has three prominent rivals including Miami (Ohio) and Kent State, but their fiercest rival is Toledo, with the two competing in the Battle of I-75 with the game's winner taking home the Peace Pipe trophy.
Copper piping, commonly used to carry natural gas and water, reacts with concrete over a long period, slowly degrading until the pipe fails.
"Big Joe" Todaro Jr., having assumed the role after his father, Joseph E. "Lead Pipe Joe" Todaro Sr., retired.
1981–1984 – Joseph E. "Lead Pipe Joe" Todaro Sr. – promoted to Boss
A method was also required to disconnect any continuous brake system running through the train, this was usually managed by the slip guard turning a stop or slip cock, this closed the pipe off from the main train.
He began a petition to have the local citizens create a corporation to pump the fuel from the ground and pipe it to area homes and businesses.
This process can result in internal erosion, whereby the removal of soil particles results in a pipe through the embankment.
Traces of the concrete foundation for the water feature and its lead pipe work have been excavated.
The Victorian pipe organ of 1882 was also dismantled and its frontage refashioned to frame a replacement Allen electronic organ.
Despite two centuries of pipe smoking and snuff use, by the mid-1850s, North Americans rejected European practices in general—especially British practices—that entailed snuff boxes and formality.
He has been a featured artist at national and regional conventions of the American Guild of Organists, the Organ Historical Society, the National Association of Pastoral Musicians, the American Pipe Organ Builders Association, and the American Institute of Organbuilders.
 Mark Henry Harman – pipe organ (3, 8), acoustic piano (8)
Mager, R. F. & Pipe, P. (1997), Analyzing performance problems (3rd ed.).
According to Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, phony pipe bombs were also discovered that day, one inside Tufts-New England Medical Center at 1 p.m. A security guard described "an agitated white male" fleeing saying, "God is warning you that today is going to be a sad day."
The cracker is a large box with many gas burners and long sections of pipe inside.
Still based in Perry, Oklahoma, the company designs and manufactures a wide variety of underground construction equipment: trenchers, vibratory plows, horizontal directional drilling systems, drill pipe, downhole tools, vacuum excavation systems, fluid management systems, and mini skid steers, all bearing the Ditch Witch name.
There was no pipe network; the water was delivered by water carts to households who stored their water in barrels.
Maxford Pipe (* 6 December 1978 in the British Virgin Islands), is a West Indian cricketer and former footballer.
The pipe organ by Flentrop Orgelbouw in the National Concert Hall was the largest organ in Asia at the time of its installation in 1987.
Meanwhile, the port was expanded to receive battalions with the equipment necessary to improve the infrastructures and to construct a network to pipe aviation fuel to the plateau.
Instrumentation varies with each album as appropriate to the theme or time period of the album concept, and typically includes piano, bells, violin, pipe organ, harpsichord, timpani drums and other percussion.
The music on Darklore Manor consists of piano, violin, pipe organ, harpsichord, with vocal choirs and brief ghostly narrations that invite the listener to "embark on a musical journey throughout the haunted halls of a Victorian mansion".
Consequently, some  of  steel cable and  of  pipe used in its construction sink to the ocean floor
He was convicted of ordering the 1999 murder of Elizabeth O'Neill, a 59-year-old Protestant grandmother whose home in Portadown's Corcrain estate was attacked with a pipe bomb because she was married to a Catholic.
The Hot Wells were typically 10 to  deep, constructed of concrete, coated steel pipe or tile, and capped with a slab of concrete.
She enjoys listening to the music that Gitra plays on a large pipe organ that she can hear from her room.
Aside from his music career, Kesici worked as a pipe fitter.
An adjustable plastic pipe allowed a foam rubber rocket to be launched at any angle when the user stomped on the plunger.
Stewart saw a market for gas pipe but the company would not acknowledge his proposals.
This partially ruined the Gothic vault and consequently also the pipe organs and other historical architectural details.
 Canada Pipe Company Ltd.
Just as he arrives at his apartment, Jonathan notices that the picture was taken before the pipe started leaking.
The mall voluntarily closed on January 8, 2018 due to extensive damage from a burst water pipe, after originally planning to close in March 2018.
He is a plasticine clay model, with a tennis ball head, red pipe cleaner hair, green gloves for hands, a pink eraser, and buttons as feet.
(Loosely translated: "German-Austrian Mannesmann pipe mills AG").
In that year the company headquarters were moved to Düsseldorf - at that time the center of the German tube and pipe industry.
In the 1950s Mannesmann established pipe mills in Brazil, Canada and Turkey
The pipe heat loss is 17%, at a value of DKK 150 million.
Bourgmont participated in a peace ceremony between the Padouca and the Missouri, Osage, Iowa, Pawnee, Oto, Kaw, and Omaha, wherein a ceremonial pipe was smoked to seal the agreement.
Weighing around two tons, GSAT-4 carried a multi-channel, Ka-band, bent pipe and regenerative transponder, and a navigation payload in the C, L1, and L5 bands.
In addition to the pipe editing page, the website had a documentation page and a discussion page.
The pipe was created using these panes.
The user was then able to give a name and short description to the pipe.
After the modules were wired in the desired order, the pipe was ready to be used.
By using the modules in this category, user could add date, location, number, text, or URL input to the pipe.
This is the pane which shows the output of the selected module on the pipe.
In 1963, an organ built by Gruaz, was installed in the Auditoire de Calvin with a two-manual mechanical-action pipe organ.
The Alberta Federation of Labour criticised the plan's lack of an upgrader, as "that's where the real jobs are", referring to the intent to pipe diluted bitumen south for upgrading.
The diamondiferous Drybones Bay kimberlite pipe is the largest diatreme discovered in the Northwest Territories, measuring .
Kesslee reveals that Sam is in the pipe, her life endangered by rising water.
Permission was received to film the water pipe scenes at the Titan Missile Museum, near the mine, but the day before shooting, permission was withdrawn.
O'Day would eventually manage crews that laid pipe to bring oil from wells to the railroads.
This gives the skier or boarder an impression of being in a very steep half pipe with moguls.
He chose 12 girls from the Sunday school with an average age 11, and they had their first practice on 4 October under the direction of Pipe Major Douglas Scott-Taylor.
The many expressions of Manavalan, including his helpless face, his coy smile and act as a rich man smoking pipe later developed a cult following in Kerala and are widely used in memes.
The Half Pipe was usually only open for at most a month of the ski season, but some years not even open at all.
The site's artifacts also contained Dutch and Portuguese pottery fragments that point to later settlement and tobacco pipe pieces that are nearly the same as some from the neighboring colonial Province of Maryland that have been reliably dated to about 1650.
The College Chapel has a two-manual pipe organ, originally built by Rieger Orgelbau and rebuilt and installed in the college chapel by Kenneth Jones & Associates, for the use of the students.
L'Heure nuptiale: for the pipe organ of La Madeleine church in Paris, France.
He was held in captivity for almost a year before he escaped in May by crawling naked through a drain pipe with three companions, pushing their disguises out in front of them.
 Isaac Hawkins Browne the elder, A Pipe of Tobacco, anonymously published, imitating Colly Cibber, Ambrose Philips, James Thomson, Edward Young, Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift
Some of the better known fragrances are Angel Food, Baby Powder, Carrot, Cosmopolitan Cocktail, Leather, Paperback, Play-Doh (created in 2006 to mark Play-Doh's 50th anniversary), Riding crop, Sushi, Pipe Tobacco, Turpentine, Snow, Lime, and Golden Delicious Apple.
he married Ann Dymoke, a daughter of Francis Dymoke, and sister of Sir Henry Dymoke, and through her acquired the manors of Erckington and Pipe, Warwickshire, which he sold  to Sir Walter Devereux, Baronet.
The last 30mm of the pipe must be horizontal and parallel to the center line of the bike with a tolerance of ±10 degrees.
She then went on to Northwestern University and studied the pipe organ from 1924 until 1926, and in 1925 enrolled as a voice student at the American Conservatory of Music in Chicago until 1927.
Seawater channel could be a cemented open channel or a pipe buried under the beach.
After some disputes with Jim Norris and the International Boxing Club in the 1950s,  Arcel retired from training, after being injured with a lead pipe during an attack in Boston, in a case that was never solved by police, returning in the 1970s to work with Alfonso Frazier and Roberto Durán.
The organ specification was designed by George Miles, the church organist, and can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
When he refused, she broke her clay pipe in two and told the worker that the same thing would happen to his neck.
The wrench is introduced inside the pipe (especially a close nipple, which has threading its entire length, and therefore no surface for an outside wrench).
The energy company Vattenfall announced, at the beginning of 2022, a proposed demonstrator project to use one of its existing offshore wind turbines to produce hydrogen on the platform itself, and then pipe it to a storage area close to Aberdeen.
Early in the Luzon campaign, the Signal Corps needed to run a telegraph wire through a  pipe that was  in diameter.
Newcombe is also an avid weightlifter, pipe collector, and writer.
He also smokes cigarettes and occasionally cigars and kreteks; in the manga, he's seen smoking a briar pipe.
As you know, car companies every three to four years produce a new model, longer and sexier, which has a more powerful engine and a more beautiful exhaust pipe, and every five years, companies create a concept car.
Krist kept a diary of his experiences during the whole period written on cigarette papers and secreted in a Bukharan hubble-bubble pipe to avoid it being confiscated.
These devices transfer energy from the thermal reservoir of the earth to the surface via shallow pipe works, utilising a heat exchanger.
The rider rides up the transition of the pipe as if doing a frontside 540°, pops in the air and grabs frontside, then throws head, shoulders, and hips down.
29 December 2020 – A landslide occurred at Damansara Utama, Selangor due to the broken pipe incident and  water disruption.
On July 2, 1982, Angelakos was the victim of a pipe bomb left by Ted Kaczynski, the "Unabomber", at an electrical engineering and computer science faculty lounge in Cory Hall.
In 1913, following the death of his father, Jacob Herbert New (1859-1913), he took over the family-owned Hamilton and Toronto Sewer Pipe Company (Limited).
  information about New in a short history of National Sewer Pipe Ltd from the Bud Johnston Library.
The gas pipe system and water lines were also laid.
These include Pipe Dream, an innovative high density, tunnel-style housing scheme, which has been developed by ZEDFactory Limited (developers of the first potentially zero carbon village in the UK) using precast concrete elements by Charcon Construction Solutions, which is an Aggregate Industries brand.
A LNS has been used in the Gravity Pipe (GRAPE-5) special-purpose supercomputer that won the Gordon Bell Prize in 1999.
It is generally agreed upon that the world's oldest playable pipe organ is located in the Basilica of Valère in Sion, Switzerland.
The largest pipe organ in the world, based on number of ranks and physical mass weight, is the Wanamaker Grand Court Organ at Philadelphia's John Wanamaker department store (now operated by Macy's).
The Fred J. Cooper Memorial Organ built by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders, Op.
The presence of the Wanamaker Organ ranked it as the second largest pipe organ in Philadelphia.
The 4 Manual, 5 Division, 104 Stop, 119 Rank Treanor pipe organ in the Youn Dong Presbyterian Church in Seoul Korea is the largest church organ in Asia.
 Midleton 26-year-old Pure Pot Still, 40% ABV, one-off bottling distilled in 1974, and released to celebrate the 175th anniversary of the Old Midleton Distillery, matured in Oloroso butts, and finished for one-year in a Port pipe
Inside the basilica there is a Zanin pipe organ (2008), completely made with a mechanical transmission system.
This Bike Is A Pipe Bomb, J.D.
A prototype was installed into the cooling water pipe leading to the condenser.
For this purpose an electrically driven rotor covers the filter surface which is connected with a pipe leading outside.
The system called TAPIS (Taprogge Air Powered Intake System) is installed in the water at the cooling water pipe inlet in the form of a polyhedral housing with plain filter surfaces.
The Pipe Masters has taken many forms in its lifetime.
 Flange gasket, a type of gasket made to fit between two sections of pipe that are flared to provide higher surface area
The adhesive needs to be chosen based on its corrosion protection properties, adhesion strength, and resistance to shear forces imparted by pipe movement and the effects of soil pressures.
The church contains a two manual pipe organ by Henry Jones and Sons.
The configuration was produced by combining two individual toroids produced by two conical θ pinch guns, located at either end of a length of Pyrex pipe with a constant magnetic guide field.
Bowling Green plays the Toledo Rockets for the Peace Pipe in the annual Battle of I-75.
At that time, it was bought by Paramount, and in 1928 a Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ was added.
They are generally used to cut ferrous members, such as rebar, pipe, angle iron, or I-beams.
It has two Schantz pipe organs.
Later in the 20th century, contributions from William E. Simon and an anonymous donor allowed the church to purchase the newer of its two Schantz pipe organs.
One is that it was in recognition of his energy, another that Dupont smoked a pipe and was constantly calling for a light, another was that it was a Chewa war cry from the Nyasa area, another, more unlikely, that he had an early kind of motorbike.
 Mark 1   (1972): consisted of a 50 mm copper pipe filled with  of plastic explosives.
These calculations also demonstrate the importance of the blockage ratio present for intrusive fittings in pipe flow and wind-tunnel tests.
Further along, past a pipe bridge and 1.6 km later, the Greensborough Bypass bridge spans the valley.
The high quality trail in the City of Darebin, starts at Tunaley Pde, 1.4 km from the Metropolitan Ring Road and heads down the Yan Yean pipe reserve.
In the east, at Mahoneys Road, the Syndal Heatherdale Pipe Reserve Trail can be reached by a via Parkland Place.
They have no electrical circuitry and no moving parts, and can safely pipe light into and out of hostile environments.
Foaming and priming is caused when the boiler water does not have the correct amount of chemicals and there are suspended solids in the water which carry over in the dry pipe.
 Man I Used to Be (from Pipe Dream) – Pat Gilbert, Vivian, and Jeanne
The Precaldera Assemblage is best exposed on the east side of Pipe Organ Mountain where it contains a bedded pile over 300 m thick of weakly consolidated, moderately to extremely different, pyroclastics, flows and deposits of uncertain origin.
In the United States the L has a 3 mm smaller header pipe and a different carburetor to satisfy emissions regulations, though both carburetors have a 30 mm bore.
The theatre includes a large stage with a grand drape, pipe organ lofts, an orchestra pit, elaborate decorations, and plush seating, in addition to a small lobby.
In January 2007, The Bishop mailed two pipe bombs; one to American Century Investments in Kansas City, and the other to Janus Capital Group in Denver which was in turn accidentally forwarded to a subsidiary investment firm located in the downtown Chicago area known as The Loop.
Left Heron emphasized that not only did this revered spirit woman bring the Sacred Pipe to the tribe but she also taught the Lakota people many valuable lessons, including the importance of family (tiwahe) and community (tiyospaye).
In 2015, Katsidis was charged for possession of an ice pipe.
It was driven by a six-foot Pelton wheel under a  head of water carried in a 2 ft diameter steel pipe supplied by the Howard Fork and Lake Fork as well as natural reservoirs up hill from the plant.
The teams compete in a challenge that involves both team members working together to get three large balls across a pipe using poles.
The song was played on pipe organ by Herbert Lom in 1976 movie The Pink Panther Strikes Again.
 The assembly of rotating parts that goes down the hole, which is a series of drill pipe connections and drill collars, ending in a rotating bit.
Weakened or damaged ends of a pipe section will be reworked, resulting in reduced length.
A significant improvement to drill pipe measurement accuracy is provided using laser, and accuracies can be easily improved by around factor 4.
Typically three sections of pipe are joined together into a stand (of about 27–29 m in length) and stacked in rows of 10, with their base resting on the drill floor.
Pipe stretch and compression will occur from time to time but are not corrected for during normal operations, even though they can introduce fairly significant cumulative errors on driller's depth, particularly in deep wells or in areas of hard rock.
This leads to the concept of true along-hole depth, where the measurements made are defined using the accuracy of the pipe length calibration method and (if any) the accuracy of the corrections applied the correction methodology.
7000 m or 25000 ft deep, the drill pipe elongation due to its own weight and temperature must be taken into account.
If the radii are constant, it is called a pipe surface.
b) For the second picture the radius is constant:, i. e. the canal surface is a pipe surface.
d) The 4. picture shows a pipe knot.
On October 30, 1988 construction started on a new , 2000-seat worship center, complete with pipe organ and a  steeple (to avoid the need for a beacon light on the top), and was finished in November 1990.
His father was a pipe liner.
Campbell added a piano and pipe organ, and at night turned his office into a reception hall, entertaining 50 or 60 friends who came to hear famous musicians play private recitals.
Featuring songs from such lesser-known works as Allegro, Me and Juliet, State Fair, and Pipe Dream, modest successes like Flower Drum Song and hits like Carousel, Oklahoma!, The King and I, South Pacific, Cinderella and The Sound of Music, it originally was presented cabaret-style at Rainbow & Stars at the top of Rockefeller Center.
"The Man I Used to Be" (from Pipe Dream)
In 1926, the company opened its first subsidiary, the Pacific States Cast Iron Pipe Company.
Between 1984 and 1996, the company continued its expansion with the acquisition of the following companies, M&H Valve Company, Clow Water Systems, Clow Valve Company, Kennedy Valve Company, Tyler Pipe and Anaco.
In 2008, the Atlantic States Cast Iron Pipe Co. donated $75,000 to upgrade the Walters Park band shell in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.
Doronjo also has an iconic skull-shaped smoking pipe similar to Marjo's.
He then took up pipe, kamancheh and eventually tar.
After the accession of Henry II, Nigel was summoned to reorganize the Exchequer, or treasury, that was responsible for the production of the government's financial records, including the Pipe Rolls.
He has withdrawn from performing, concentrating on his writing, though he has appeared in Norway with the band PATEYs PIPE.
It maintains a partial vacuum, with an air pressure below atmospheric pressure inside the pipe network and vacuum station collection vessel.
High specific conduit lengths, where the required pipe length is longer than ~4 metres per inhabitant, will tend to make a vacuum system cheaper.
17 December: The CIRA was believed to have been responsible for leaving a booby-trap pipe bomb on a mountain road in Kilcoo, County Down.
20 January: The CIRA was believed to have been responsible for planting a pipe bomb under a van at Belcamp Crescent, Dublin.
10 February: The CIRA is believed to have been responsible for leaving three pipe bombs on Shiels Street, off the Falls Road in Belfast.
4 May: The IMC blamed the CIRA for exploding a pipe bomb outside Lurgan PSNI base.
24 August: The IMC blamed the CIRA for an attempted pipe bomb attack on Woodbourne PSNI base in Belfast.
"You should never pipe Browns games into an intensive care unit, expose them to anyone weak of pulse", wrote Toledo Blade columnist Jim Taylor.
Borkum Riff is a brand of pipe tobacco manufactured in Denmark for Scandinavian Tobacco Group.
The name was changed to New Zealand Police Pipe Band in 1994 to better reflect its role representing New Zealand Police.
She first approached Rodgers and Hammerstein with her proposal, and when they opted to write Pipe Dream instead, she turned to Lerner and Loewe, who agreed to compose the score but lost interest after My Fair Lady opened.
Cone Chapel's pipe organ 
On the Colorado'', those failures led to the deaths of two crewmen due to a steam pipe explosion.
Pipe deterioration eventually forced Brașov authorities to provide the aqueduct with water from the city area (popular myth still has it that water running through the aqueduct is spring water, and, occasionally, people still supply themselves directly from that location).
A motte or ringwork and bailey were mentioned in a pipe roll of 1192–3.
Trench drains are commonly confused with French drains, which consist of a perforated pipe that is buried in a gravel bed, and which are used to evacuate ground water.
There are three main reasons why this is labor-intensive: the outlet pipe position in the floor, the levelling of the trench grate in the floor, and integration of the waterproofing.
The hook became an emblem of the longshoreman's profession in the same way that a hammer and anvil are associated with blacksmiths, or the pipe wrench with plumbers.
More than one million dollars was spent on the work, which included a new pipe organ, work on the foundation, and repairs to the bell tower.
They have about 175 athletes, ages 7 through adult, training in mogul skiing, aerials, half pipe, skier cross, freeskier and telemark skiing.
In the oil and gas industries, coiled tubing refers to a very long metal pipe, normally  in diameter which is supplied spooled on a large reel.
A relatively modern drilling technique involves using coiled tubing instead of conventional drill pipe.
This offers well control capabilities beyond those normally possible with drill pipe, and gives the ability to drill underbalanced.
Older quad-BOPs have a different ram for each of these functions (blind, shear, pipe, slip).
A coiled tubing unit (CTU) is a self-contained multi-use machine that can do almost anything that a conventional service rig does - with the exception of tripping jointed pipe.
The water pipe was a big help, as the adjacent pond was already pumped dry after a short time.
However, these can be modified by de-restricting the airbox, carburetor, exhaust manifold, pipe, and the use of aftermarket and performance parts.
A conduit has supplied water from Brandon Hill since 1374, and the course of the pipe is marked in places by small plaques set into the pavements.
 Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle - (1) Salubrious (2013)
That is because in a turbulent flow (in a pipe or in a boundary layer) the transport of momentum and the transport of heat largely depends on the same turbulent eddies: the velocity and the temperature profiles have the same shape.
This is why when the Creator wanted to give the pipe to the Lakota, the White Buffalo Woman Wopi brought it to the Itazipco, because they would always be willing to share it.
The mall flooded on September 27, 2011, due to a water pipe bursting.
He lives in a tent, smokes a pipe, and plays the harmonica.
Trinity Lutheran for many years maintained a traditional German-style parish church in Germantown; in due course, when it had built its current new modern building across the street, it sold its impressive German pipe organ to an Anglican parish in Regina.
When the protected vessel or pipe is located indoors, ducts are generally used to safely convey the explosion outside the building.
Not having learned from the last physics outing, Wile E. drops a bowling ball through a pipe section, trying to squash his rival.
Wile E. is thrown up into the air, and down through the pipe and onto the ground, followed by the bowling ball to add insult to injury.
Once pipe lines were laid and wells were drilled, the water table dropped, and the springs stopped flowing to the surface in 1962.
As part of that project, the Urban Creeks Council was instrumental in having the old sewer pipe broken up so that steelhead could again access Middle Creek.
Upright pianos, grand pianos, stage pianos, harpsichords, pipe organs, Hammond organs and many post-1980s electronic keyboards have some type of rack or stand to hold sheet music and/or scores.
Canadian pipe mine — a land mine used in Britain in World War II.
His major works include Ah!, The Carved Pipe, The Tall Woman and Her Short Husband, The Miraculous Pigtail, Three Inch Golden Lotus, Zebra Finches, Ten Years of Madness: Oral Histories of China's Cultural Revolution, and Extraordinary People in Our Ordinary World.
The community's arms might be described thus: Gules a beam hewer's axe and a glassblower's pipe with glass surmounting the axe in saltire argent, in chief a fleur-de-lis stalked Or, in base an oakleaf in pale of the last.
With its wealth of experience it continues to undertake a wide range of civil engineering, building and utility works (including dams, undersea pipe lay and other water-related works) as well as road construction and road maintenance.
Israeli forces uncover three factories containing explosive devices, antitank rockets, materials for preparation of explosive devices and additional weapons, including military equipment and ammunition, an LAW missile, five pipe bombs, a large explosive device and four sacks of fertilizers used for manufacturing bombs.
"On Easter Sunday [1887] Mr. Herbert T. Watkinson, of Summer Street, was walking in Cocked Hat Lane, (later to become Tinker Lane) near the Bole Hills, at Crookes, when he noticed in the side of an excavation that had been made for the foundations of some new houses what looked like a drain pipe.
Players progress through the game as a robot racing through a pipe, shooting everything that moves.
A rotor or impeller, together with a stationary component known as a stator, or an array of rotors and stators, is used either in a tank containing the solution to be mixed, or in a pipe through which the solution passes, to create shear.
Jaime – Jaime's urinal is complete and functional in 1:47, although the urinal itself is not level and his exterior vent pipe is at ground level instead of in the air.
But after only a dozen laps the Monegasque had retired with a broken oil pipe.
The trainer would spray mace in his face and then beat him with an iron pipe wrapped in newspaper.
After fabricating his double lumen tube, Abbott would initially swallow the tube in the morning at his home on the Main Line outside of Philadelphia, ride to work on the train with the proximal end exiting his nose and curled around his ear or leaving his mouth beside a pipe and residing in a coat pocket.
Over the next 11 years, Kirkpatrick was elected lead organist for the Ebenezer Methodist Episcopal Church, studied the pipe organ, continued in vocal lessons, and began publishing more and more hymns.
Because of their parabolic shape, trough collectors can focus the sun at 30-60 times its normal intensity on a receiver pipe located along the focal line of the trough.
One of these was Burning Evidence about forensics done on broken and charred bone and tooth remnants and another was Short Fuse about forensics done on bomb sites and pipe bomb fragments.
He then overcame Justin Pipe and Steve West both 6–1 and recovered from 3–0 down against Ronny Huybrechts in the final to win 6–5.
Newton breezed through the first round of the 2012 World Championship by whitewashing Kurt van de Rijck 3–0 and played Justin Pipe in the last 32.
At the World Matchplay, Newton beat James Hubbard 10–5 in the first round, before throwing the first televised nine-dart finish of his career in the 11th leg of his last 16 match against Justin Pipe.
 2012: Second round (lost to Justin Pipe 3–4)
Borthwick and District Pipe Band
Harry Shapiro is a convicted criminal who pleaded guilty on March 20, 1997, to federal charges that he had planted a pipe bomb at a Jacksonville, Florida, synagogue.
Shapiro told the court March 19: "I placed gunpowder in a pipe.
It is delivered through the Briones Aqueduct,  a 7-foot, 6-inch steel pipe, operated by four pumps that can deliver up to 60 million gallons a day.
An electrical fault within the Allen started a fire in the North Transept which destroyed the Allen and badly damaged the Transept and the pipe organ.
This program was recorded at various churches in the Fayetteville area and it showcased both religious and classical music played on the organ or pipe organ.
Snubbing, also known as hydraulic workover, involves forcing a string of pipe into the well against wellbore pressure to perform the required tasks.
He coasted out of the tunnel with black smoke coming from a fire from a broken oil pipe and a dead engine, and then proceeded to push it to the pits.
Combining his inventive skills with a love of music, Schantz began building pipe organs after a brief venture into the construction of reed (parlor) organs.
They also diverted the exhaust pipe of their planes to the front side of the plane, in such a manner that the IR-guided air-to-air missiles of SLAF jet attack aircraft could not detect the heat signature from their aircraft engines.
The ends of a steel casing pipe "run" are normally sealed with "casing end seals", which can be of the "pull-on" or "wrap-around" rubber varieties.
Steel casing pipe generally has no specific specifications, other than the need for the material to be extremely straight and round.
Steel casing pipe is often specified as ASTM A-252 which is a structural grade material that does not require hydrostatic testing and the inspection requirements are not stringent and it usually costs less than other grades such as A-53, A-139 or API 5L.
With a pipe in his mouth sat a handsome young blade,
"January Shows"/"Laura Lynn Cunningham" is a two-part set; the first part, "January Shows," is an air with guest pipe playing from John McSherry and whistle effects, whilst the second part, "Laura Lynn Cunningham", was written by Phil Cunningham.
Many of the early brands of cigarettes were made mostly or entirely of Turkish tobacco; today, its main use is in blends of pipe and especially cigarette tobacco.
Although there had been no intentional sabotage of the pipe, the team discovered that cracks in the water main had allowed swamp water contaminated with animal droppings to mix with the water from Arkell Spring, and Guelph was put on a boil-water advisory until repairs could be made.
This pipe mill had closed in 2009 and reopened in 2012 following the nation's boost in natural gas and oil drilling production.
The pipe organ installed in the church is a secondhand one built in 1898 by Henry Willis, the famous English organ maker who also made the organ for St Paul's Cathedral in London and the original Grand Organ of the Royal Albert Hall.
Armed with only a tire iron, Tom goes into the bathroom to wash the pepper spray out of his eyes, and discovers that the driver has attached a hose to the truck's exhaust pipe, and Tom flees his only safe place, which is quickly filling up with deadly carbon monoxide gas.
Chrintreuil was "a puny-looking, timid, somewhat awkward figure, silently puffing smoke from a long pipe," wearing his "faithful red jacket."
Permanent packers are run and set on an electric wireline, drill pipe or tubing.
 Gauge Ring runs (which is running a special sized downhole tool called a gauge ring, which comes in various pre-machined diameters, designed to ensure the pipe is clear to a certain point)
Most commonly, this is for heavy fishing such as retrieving broken drill pipe.
However, when Talon brings Lindsay to the Downside, the Wise Advisors (a circle of corrupted people serving as the government for the Downsiders, since there has not been a proper leader for ages) find out Talon's transgression and sentence him to death by sending him down the pipe system.
A case for the new instrument was designed by Ninian Comper, but the estimated cost of £750 was never found and the instrument remains caseless except for plain dark pine panelling up to the pipe feet.
One of these is a sculpted pipe bowl, nicknamed "Big Boy", showing a seated young man wearing short-nosed prosopic earpieces (discussed below).
Archaeologists have attempted to connect the name with a widespread pipe ceremony associated with the affirmation of kinship and adoption.
It is likely that it was originally a sculpture that was only later converted into a pipe bowl.
The stone Big Boy pipe from Spiro had long-nose god maskettes on each ear, and I would guess that is what Red Horn also wore on his ears and was the reason he was called He-who-wears-human-heads-as-earrings.
All five theaters featured identical "Wonder Morton" theatre pipe organs manufactured by the Robert Morton Organ Company of Van Nuys, California.
steel coil or pipe that runs at up to 200 m/min.
In July 1956 the OS state that the 'Monk's Well' is a spring emerging through a stone pipe, situated in a stone-faced cutting in the hill slope, the spring water running into the Annick Water.
With pompadour and specs and pipe and famed Miltonic sneer
He graduated from Columbia University with the class of 1928, where he was classmates with future Undersecretary of Labor James T. O'Connell, and worked in finance on Wall Street, co-founding the firm Naumburg & Reynolds, later became Director of Labor Relations in the office of the president of United States Pipe & Foundry.
This is done by pumping kill mud down the drill pipe, where it circulates out the bottom and into the well bore.
The Lokring patented connectors create their seal by shaping the pipe wall first elastically and then plastically with the connector.
Electricity in Anomabu comes from the national grid and pipe borne water.
The church contains a large four-manual pipe organ built in 1890 by Aristide Cavaillé-Coll.
Hydraulic suction mining lowers a pipe to the seafloor which transfers nodules up to the mining ship.
"Amazing Grace" by the FDNY Pipe and Drum - Season 1, Episode 8 "Inches"
You'll end up looking like a pipe cleaner?
Its larger areas are connected to each other by tunnels, and it contains a pipe communication system reaching each of its levels.
He began studying cello, and then pipe organ.
Exhausting extremely hot flue gases from gen-sets can be done by factory-built positive pressure chimneys (certified to UL 103 test standard) or general utility schedule 40 black iron pipe.
There are also excessive pressure relief valves available to relieve the pressure from potential backfires and to maintain the integrity of the exhaust pipe.
Towery became angry and violent when he found a crack pipe on Holberg.
 Neil Young – guitar, pipe organ, vocal; Jim Messina – bass; George Grantham – drums; Also – strings and celli
The highway continues east past Pipe Lake and into Maple Valley before crossing the Cedar to Green River Trail and ending at an intersection with SR 169.
The instruments included the kinnor (lyre), nevel (harp), tof (tambourine), shofar (ram's horn), ḥatzotzᵊrot (trumpet) and three varieties of pipe, the chalil, alamoth and the uggav.
In Kacsóh’s adaptation, they are extraordinarily cowardly and effeminate, to comic effect: the army is in constant retreat, and the king throws a tantrum when he cannot find his smoking pipe.
24 July 2009: the Real UFF claimed responsibility for a pipe bomb attack on a house in Brantwood Gardens, Antrim.
12 August 2010: the Real UFF were blamed for planting two pipe bombs outside separate houses in Antrim.
1 November 2010: the Real UFF claimed responsibility for two pipe bomb attacks in the St James area of West Belfast – one of which exploded, the other of which was made safe by the British Army.
31 July 2012: the Real UFF are believed to have been responsible for planting a pipe bomb in Steeple Road estate in South Antrim, despite never claiming responsibility for it.
He later sees her while giving her a White Day present, while restoring the pipe fox spirit to his smaller form.
At a hard-rock club Vusi finds out about Karen's crack cocaine addiction, after watching her take a hit from a pipe.
Selayar Atoll: 10 min to 1 hour, slopes down to , sandy bottom, sea slugs, napoleon fishes, pipe fishes, Dugong.
In 1994 Mark Bailey was appointed pastor, and since then the church has undergone a major refurbishment: pews have been replaced with chairs, carpet fitted, pipe organ removed, and the décor changed to enable greater flexibility in the building's use.
In texts, numbers are written surrounded with dual pipe sign | ... |.
An example would be steel pipe flanges, in which the connected ends of the flanges would be faying surfaces.
 Fife Section and Pipe band
He was described as a quiet and slightly built man who smoked a pipe.
The company originally conceived the MIDIjet in order to be able to voice pipe organs from a MIDI controller keyboard from anywhere in the sanctuary or auditorium.
Shower facilities consisted of a length of pipe with numerous holes drilled in it, secured to the rigging and connected to a fire hose pumping seawater.
After the MUFON investigation, the marker mysteriously disappeared from the cemetery and a three-inch pipe was placed into the ground; MUFON's metal detector no longer picked up metal readings from the grave, thus it was presumed that the metal was removed from the grave.
This so-called passification layer protected the inside of the carbon steel pipe from corrosion.
The pipe could no longer contain the pressure (27.6 barg) and burst catastrophically releasing the vapour in the line, and in the upstream and downstream plant such as the de-ethaniser column.
The King gave Dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him.
In Early British Trackways (1922) Watkins gives another example of a ley line that he believed passed through Priory Church, Malvern and St. Ann's Well to Little Mountain (Westbrook) via Arthur's Stone, Cross End, Moccas Church, Monnington Church, Credenhill (old) Court, Pipe and Lyde Church, and Beacon Hill.
 Laying Pipe From Plumber's DeLight
 Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle  - (4) Sir Des Champs (2011), Don Poli (2014), Killultagh Vic (2015), Galopin Des Champs (2021) 
 Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle – (2) Champagne Classic (2017), Blow By Blow (2018)
They had to pour it into a receiver outside the dairy wall, whence by means of a pipe it was conveyed inside to the cheese tub... [Here follows details of the method – R.D.R].
Construction involved the welding of 127,000 sections of 12-metre pipe.
Looping involves installation of pipe lengths parallel to the existing asset.
After Martin retired his son David Pipe trained him.
In 1985, a proposal to pipe water from Lake Tota to the municipality was negotiated.
 Martin Pipe – Pragada (1992), Sweet Glow (1994), Galant Moss (1999), Maid Equal (2001), Deano's Beeno (2003)
The retaliation for the Pipe Springs raid left four unarmed Paiutes dead for murders they had nothing to do with.
Pipe houses located along the riverbanks of the North Saskatchewan River help expel the methane gas compressed below the park.
Geem, Z.W., Kim, J.H., and Loganathan, G.V., "Harmony Search Optimization: Application to Pipe Network Design", International Journal of Modelling and Simulation, vol.22, no.2, paper no.
As Israeli rescue workers converged on the scene of the explosion, a second pipe bomb exploded.
The musical pipe sounded like the squealing of piglets.
She is the host of TourBus, a pipe organ documentary series, as well as her YouTube series On The Bench with Dr. Carol.
Williams regularly attracts new audiences to the pipe organ with charismatic humor and programs of intense genre diversity, including collaborations with various jazz, blues, pop and rock bands.
In 1986 he began to produce three-dimensional sculpture, using lengths of pipe and wood.
In 1959, after watching the electricians at the plant struggle with an inferior device, Gardner invented an aluminum pipe bender so promising that he decided to manufacture it himself.
The name of the area derives from a major landowner in Erdington called Henry de Pipe.
Hendrik Niehoff, Dutch pipe organ builder (born 1495)
Centrifugal casting at Goldens' is designed for specific product applications, as opposed to other foundries strictly devoted to the centrifugal process, such as steel pipe foundries.
It dropped down the order to retire from 9th place, in the sixth hour (after 79 laps) with a number-six piston failure, caused when an oil pump pipe fractured.
In the United States it is found only in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument of western Pima County, Arizona.
Sonora palarostris organica Klauber, 1951 - Organ Pipe shovelnose snake
His illustrations were largely responsible for popularizing the association of Holmes with a curved pipe and deerstalker hat.
Bayfield was originally laid down as SS Sea Bass under a Maritime Commission contract on 14 November 1942 at San Francisco, California by the Western Pipe and Steel Company.
 Arrangement for pipe organ
 World Record of Largest Pipe Mosaic of Padmashree Bhavarlal Jain made by Jain Irrigation Systems
The church contains a 2-manual pipe organ.
Besides being the pipe organ master at Singapore's state of the art Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay, she also frequently performs both locally and internationally.
A regulator built in front of the Bıyıklı Sinkhole directs the waters of Kırkgözler and Pınarbaşı into a canal to the Kepez Hydroelectric Plant, where a pressure pipe carries it to a balancing funnel and drops it over the plant's turbines.
Club wrote that "the synthy, slightly samey pleasures of The Gasoline Age aren't quite as compelling as Cornog's earlier works—in fitting with the car theme, some of it sounds like it was composed on cruise control—but East River Pipe still has a way with moody, mellow mini-epics that puts other sad sacks to shame."
Garbageheads on Endless Stun is an album by East River Pipe, released in 2003.
is an album by East River Pipe, released in 2006.
A one-hitter (also oney, bat, tay, oney bat, or taster) is typically a slender pipe with a screened narrow bowl designed for a single inhalation, or "hit", of smoke or vapor from a small serving (about 25 mg) of heated cannabis flower, tobacco leaf or other dry, sifted herbal preparation.
The appearance of the White Buffalo is a sign that prayers are being heard, that the sacred pipe is being honored, and that the promises of prophesy are being fulfilled.
The female rosy bitterling has a unique pipe about the same length as its own body, used for laying eggs on a specific spot of mussels.
This genus of molluscs possessed shells which were shaped like curved caps, with an exhaust pipe shaped "snorkel" emanating underneath where the apex (point of the shell) curves over.
Because this is one of the constant sources of fresh water, a pipe system is installed to pump-supply drinking water to the village of Latikoili, that lies in the south of the lake.
2008 was marked by the acquisition of US pipe assets and the creation of the American division - TMK IPSCO.
In 2013 TMK acquired pipe services and precision manufacturing assets incorporated into OFSi company (Houston, USA).
As one local said: "If there was a shift or a landslip again, my fear is that the pipe would fracture, and we'd get an enormous gas leak."
 Red-tailed pipe snake
This process may have been further hastened by the possible breach of a water pipe, indicated by a housing unit losing its water supply at around 5pm the day previous to the slide.
The weapons included at least 100 other conventional bombs (including briefcase bombs and pipe bombs), machine guns, an assault rifle, an unregistered silencer, and 500,000 rounds of ammunition.
While still in his teens, he went to work for a pipe organ manufacturer, demonstrating instruments all over the country.
The church contained one of the oldest hand-crafted pipe organs in existence.
Cate Brooks also releases music, under her own name and a variety of alter-egos, with similar musical influences (such as soundtrack music and library music), emotional atmospheres, and conceptual themes to The Advisory Circle material, through the Clay Pipe Music label and her own label Café Kaput.
George Webbe Dasent translated the tale as Osborn's Pipe in his second compilation of Norse folktales (Tales from the Fjeld), where the hero's name was given as Osborn Boots.
He uses the pipe to command the hares to follow him to graze in the meadow, the cane to draw every animal around it, and the whip to command the hare that he gives the princess to return to the meadow.
Carter had previously recorded pipe organ and Hammond organ singles during the 1940s on the Capitol, Black & White, and Imperial labels.
Working his way up through the defined path of local, regional and national journalistic work; dedicated pipe smoker Hayes became associate editor of the Daily Mail and in 1956 and at the age of 32, the last editor of the "Sunday Dispatch" newspaper.
...Those who refer (the quinaria) to Vitruvius and the plumbers, declare that it was so named from the fact that a flat sheet of lead 5 digits wide, made up into a round pipe, forms this ajutage.
Using Vitruvius' standard, the value of a quinaria is , and the resulting pipe would have a diameter of .
Later additions include a concert-grade Casavant pipe organ with 3 manuals and 50 ranks.
It involves running the BHA on a pipe string using a hydraulic workover rig.
It consists of a hydraulically powered snubbing unit, which provides the force on a pipe, above a string of multi-layered pressure control components.
It consists of two mechanisms for applying force to the pipe in either direction.
The upset or larger diameter section of a pipe connection can be pulled or pushed through a closed annular element without damage and while still maintaining a gas tight seal.
While pulling out of hole, one stripping ram was not opened sufficiently and a collar on the pipe string caught on the ram.
In the case above, adequate supervision could have prevented this dramatic consequence of operator error by limiting the hydraulic force allowable to be an applied to a level below what was required to part the pipe string.
On the heels of his "Unchained Melody" success, Hamilton recorded the following Great American Songbook singles in succession: Vincent Youmans' "Without a Song" (#77 US pop), Jimmy McHugh's "Cuban Love Song", Rodgers and Hammerstein's "Everybody's Got a Home But Me" (#42 US pop), from the musical Pipe Dream, and Frank Loesser's "Somebody Somewhere", from the musical The Most Happy Fella.
The pipe organ is played from an area called the console or keydesk, which holds the manuals (keyboards), pedals, and stop controls.
Frost in New York about producing tubular bone beads and within a year, he had enough hair pipe beads to sell to the Ponca as well as other Indian traders.
His Op-ed The emperor’s Nuclear Clothes was published in the Wall Street Journal criticizing the nuclear zero movement, arguing that the abolition of nuclear weapons was a utopian pipe dream.
Lake was found dead in his car in a shed near Connaught Park Racetrack in Aylmer, Quebec near Ottawa on November 30, 1937, with the exhaust pipe of the automobile connected to the inside of the vehicle.
Seeing them coming, Bugs panics at the sight of the "spacemen" and dives into the pipe leading down to his underground bomb shelter.
Escaping the shelter through a back way, an angered Bugs tosses a giant magnet down the pipe to "take care of those mechanized mobsters".
. . had place two weather-beaten buffalo skulls where travelers paused to smoke a pipe at the divide."
Cyclonus and the Decepticons attack and damage the pipe.
Captain Pipe had become Custaloga's successor as leader of the Wolf Clan of the Delaware.
The building structure also provides examples of many different uses of materials for different areas, some of which include "coloured stone facades, steel pipe strut supports and a polychrome and polygon brick" shown within parts of the building, all of which affect RMIT's atmosphere.
His seminal work was a book entitled, The Sacred Pipe, an account of his discussions with the Lakota holy man, Black Elk, regarding the religious rites of his people.
(Simpson's congressional campaign materials depicted him in his living room, leaning near a statue of Stein and smoking a pipe under a painting by Jean Lurçat.)
The Manitou Islands lie inside the Ottawa-Bonnechere Graben and are part of an eroded volcanic pipe, leaving the multiple islands.
The nearby Callander Bay is also a volcanic pipe.
Towery, who was known by activists as "John Jacob", was active in PMR and frequented the Tacoma anarchist community space Pitch Pipe Infoshop.
At this level control was maintained through the discharge pipe and it was not necessary to open the three main spillway gates.
Another important part of Victorique's appearance is a ceramic smoking pipe that she uses for dramatic effect when thinking.
These were simply short sections of metal pipe attached to the exhaust ports, shaped so that they would interact with the airstream to produce a jet of air that produced forward thrust.
To manufacture the pipe, Ferguson imported sheet steel from England and the United States then rolled these into the sections at foundries in Midland Junction and another he built in Maylands.
One usage is in the measurement of air ("wind") that supplies a pipe organ and is referred simply as inches.
The military leadership program at Benedictine offers students the opportunity to participate in a number of activities including the Drill Team, Rifle Team, and the Pipe and Drum Corps, as well as the opportunity to hold leadership positions as cadet non-commissioned officers and cadet officers throughout the Corps.
The lower part of the pipe acts as a horn while the top can be visualized as an extended compression chamber.
The chip heater consisted of a cylindrical unit with a fire box and flue, through which a water pipe was run.
Arising from this work, Jameson developed the idea of mixing air and concentrate slurry in a pipe, referred to as the "downcomer", that was inserted into the flotation column.
However, he hangs onto a pipe which becomes loose from the building, causing him to fall to his death.
The original pipe handrails have been replaced by guardrailing.
The original water tower had an iron pipe protected by a wood-paneled shaft, but after the tornado  destroyed it, it was replaced with cast iron.
On May 17, 1976 an apprentice jockey won the eighth race at River Downs aboard Red Pipe.
A shell fragment punctured the steam pipe for the ship's siren, and the escaping steam impaired visibility and forced the ship to abandon an attempt to launch torpedoes.
Bicycle bombs and the fourth policeman John Adams explores the lack of evidence for existence of pipe bombs disguised as bicycles.
When John Richard Ravenhill left the partnership in 1875, the business transferred to the works of his former co-partners, Messrs Easton and Anderson of Erith, Kent - engineers, millwrights, and lead pipe manufacturers, and Reckenzaun followed the firm.
He is a laid back, clumsy person who enjoys pickled radish and smoking pipe.
The pipe has a  nominal diameter and it has one compressor station.
The interior was decorated by Josef Goigner from  Tyrol and the cathedral features a pipe organ made in Timișoara, in 1907.
NCR also donated its historic five-rank Estay pipe organ to the Victory, which was renovated and installed by aficionados.
The Chapel possesses a three-manual pipe organ, presented by Queen Elizabeth II, constructed to the specifications of the previous Master of the Music, William Cole and manufactured by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd.
The church has a two manual pipe organ by Sweetland Organ Company.
Harley brings a metal pipe down on Borya's head, leaving Zena as the remaining target.
The engine cylinder is rearward slanted, the crank rod angle has been changed to provide a more complete combustion, the 5-valve head is now a 4-valve head, the gas tank is located under the seat, the exhaust pipe exits the rear of the cylinder, and the air intake is now in the front of the bike.
It is on a  property, split in two, and borders on Big Pipe Creek.
The incident trapping the miners occurred in the service shaft when a 15-meter section of compressed air pipe burst and fell to the shaft bottom, in the process damaging steel shaft guides, and electrical lines which cut off power to the hoist on the service cage.
She has also performed and recorded with: 6x World Champions - The Simon Fraser University Pipe Band, English songsmith-Tim Readman, West African folk musician - Alpha Yaya Diallo, Irish party bands- The Town Pants and The Pat Chessell Band, and Celtic Folk band - Mad Pudding.
Thermal cracking begins in the pipe between the furnace and the first coke drums, and finishes in the coke drum that is on-stream.
Sets built from fiscal 2013 feature LED lighting and transparent overhead luggage racks in place of the earlier stainless steel pipe racks.
This high pressure region then travels back along the pipe in the form of a wave.
While most villagers pay for their monthly water usage, the program subsidizes the costs of pipe connections and fees for water delivery to the neediest through its “Poorest of the Poor” program.
The bomb contained 33 pounds of TNT packed into a metal pipe.
The valve is housed within a bulged section of the penstock pipe.
Although the pressure within the pipe cannot be increased above that of the supply, it can be decreased.
The blast was caused by a cellphone-triggered pipe bomb placed near the Wuzukhana, a spot where ablutions are performed.
In a reactor with this design steam from postulated pipe breaks is directed down to a condensation pool, which causes the steam to condense which limits the pressure increase in the containment during such an accident scenario.
Why light your pipe, bid sorrow avaunt,
The auditorium contained an Austin Organ Company pipe organ (opus no.
Not content with woodland tournament play, WDP pioneered the "arena" paintball concept, introducing what would be called "Hyperball" - a speedball arena field constructed from corrugated plastic pipe and designed for a much faster game format.
While Popeye walks back to the log cabin, the ducks are seen following Popeye, attracted to the smoke from Popeye's corncob pipe.
Therefore, as the mob approaches Tony to hang him, Parnassus presents Tony with his true sturdy golden pipe that will allow him to survive the hanging as well as a near-perfect but brittle replica.
Joe Jacobson, David Pipe, Andy Williams, Danny Coles, James Fraser and Jeff Hughes.
As a consequence, the basilica now had the renewed availability of a fully functional Baroque organ which could be played from the gallery or from the console behind the main altar, and, beside it, a full digital organ that could be played individually or in conjunction with the old pipe organ.
 Atkinson C. Daly (Music and pipe organ builder)
There is a piano, two electones, and two playable pipe organs.
In the XP, the SP's 580cc Rotax engine was upgraded with dual carburetors and a tuned exhaust pipe.
In 1950, US Air Force (USAF) General S. D. "Rosie" Grubbs began organizing an Air Force Pipe Band, as part of the USAF Drum and Bugle Corps.
The pipe band was disbanded in early 1970, but wear of the official Active Duty Mitchell tartan (also known as the Hunter, Galbraith, Russell, or Milwaukee County) has been used since by U.S. Air Force Heritage Band Celtic Ensembles.
The band of the United States Air Force Reserve had one of the last U.S. military service pipe bands and closed down in 2013 due to sequestration.
See Figures 6 through 9 of https://web.archive.org/web/20070913032821/http://www.libertystaruranium.com/sub.asp?sub_id=36&section_id=8 for photographs of reclaimed breccia pipe uranium mine sites.
In 2007 US dollar terms, the total cost to produce a pound of U308 from the average pipe was about $24.
In some cases where a mineralized pipe occurs near a deep canyon, a decline can be used instead of a shaft to access the ore during mining.
 DIR Exploration, Inc.:  a privately held US company in the Kaibab Joint Venture with the public company, Takara Resources, Inc.; total breccia pipe target number is 204.
They included a "Pelican crossing", bridges, an observation tower with a spiral staircase, concrete pipe and corrugated iron tunnels, a scaffolding alley, a telephone box and post box, half a car fixed to a wall (giving an impression of a parked car) and a space exploration sculpture created by visually impaired artist Peter Tait.
François-Lamathe Dom Bédos de Celles de Salelles (24 January 1709 – 25 November 1779) was a Benedictine monk best known for being a master pipe organ builder.
The recently restored Lyon-Healy pipe organ dates from 1906.
 pipe tobacco: €15.66 /kg + 13.13% of the gross price
A big boy letter is a pre-sale agreement  in connection with a private sale of securities (such as in a PIPE transaction) not to sue over non-disclosure of material inside information that is not disclosed, entered into between two sophisticated parties.
Consider a pipe of flowing water.
The area A is the cross-sectional area of the pipe.
Details of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
In its broad outline, the firman stipulated that retail tobacco merchants, divided into two categories (urban and rural) and three classes (tambacou, pipe tobacco and cigarette tobacco), must henceforth have a special authorization from the administration, pay a patent and pay a tax proportional to their turnover.
In early spring 2009 they also received help from Thomas Maloney, Iona College Pipe Band, with drum instruction.
In 1935 and 1939, Love and his wife, Mary, were living in Memphis, and he was employed as a pipe fitter with the Love Automatic Sprinkler Company.
One side is connected to the pipe work of the heating system and therefore contains water.
This results in a massive explosion as one of the group lights a crystal-meth pipe.
 Hubert van Ravesteyn - Still Life with a Pipe, Nuts, a Pitcher and a Tobacco Pouch (1670) MSK
U.S. Coast Guard Pipe Band
On race day, Mario was in contention to win most of the afternoon, but a broken exhaust pipe was causing his engine to lose rpms.
The name comes from Orangeburg, New York, the town in which most Orangeburg pipe was manufactured, largely by the Fiber Conduit Company.
Bituminized pipe was not in widespread commercial use until the late 19th century when it was utilized exclusively as electrical conduit.
The industry then shifted to more durable asbestos cement pipe.
Orangeburg pipe was made of wood pulp sealed with liquified coal tar pitch in inside diameters from 2 inches to 18 inches, with a perforated version for leach fields.
Orangeburg pipe used in 1956 home construction fails in 2006 (photos)
She was widowed again prior to 1837 when she moved her family to Pipe Creek, New York near Ithaca.
Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument offers both a Junior Ranger patch and a Desert Ranger patch for older participants.
It consisted of 100 structures on over 1,000 acres, including dormitories, a 1915 Mission-style chapel with a pipe organ, a dining hall with large windows and a magnificent view, newly built gymnasium and medical building, and a lake.
In July 2007, the auditorium's historic concert pipe organ, dating to the building's construction, was rededicated after restoration by the Chattanooga Music Club over a period of 21 years.
The beach's southern extremity is a groyne and continues north past a drain pipe until Hale Road dog beach.
In general, the history copies from other sources, including a lost Liber regius, Sulcard's Prologus de Construccione Westmonasterii, charters, pipe rolls, papal letters, and other documents the abbey had in its possession.
When that pressure becomes too great, it is released into the atmosphere via a pressure relief pipe.
A liquid seal is created by the design of the filler pipe, which creates a seal with the liquid flowing into the tank.
The Robert Morton Organ Company was a producer of theater pipe organs and church organs, located in Van Nuys, California.
 Sam Friedlander - Broken Pipe Dreams shows how one man must overcome his fear of a toilet to recover an engagement ring.
Scarface: I never give a sucker an even break, and that's a lead pipe cinch.
His hunch is correct, and the picture is inside the pipe.
"The Freshmen" by The Verve Pipe – 4:27
'Tis then I like your chanter pipe
The Copperphone made national news in 2004 when it was mistaken for a pipe bomb as it passed through scanners at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
Variations in pitch and tone are achieved through the shape, size, and materials used in each pipe as well as the amount of air pressure supplied to them.
Where each pipe connects to the windchest, there is a leather stopper which moves aside when the organist presses the appropriate key on the console.
In addition to designing the organ, Harris and McDonough installed each pipe, all compressed air lines, and each windchest, restoring existing ones and constructing new ones, as required.
Finally, each pipe was "voiced", which is the fine tuning of volume, pitch, brilliance, speech, and other tonal characteristics.
A water pipe passed here in the Roman age.
Willis's theory of vowel production assumed a close correspondence between vowel production and the production of musical notes using an organ: the lung acted as a bellows, the vocal folds acted as the reed, and the mouth cavity acted as the organ pipe.
She was forced to pull the trigger after Epps' accomplice attacked and injured Booth with a pipe.
Jerry uses the fire truck to speed across the floor and open a pipe so that Tom squeezes through it.
Its driver, Christiaan Scholl, was transporting a load of timber and pipe fittings from Victoria to South Australia on behalf of Canny Carrying Company.
The direction of Dorothy Arzner is always interesting and sometimes...is extraordinarily imaginative, but here she has not been able to give a vapid Cinderella pipe dream more than a handsome pictorial front."
In addition, these saws allow construction workers to cut through concrete, asphalt, and pipe on job sites in a more precise manner than is possible with heavy equipment.
Another mentor in Boston taught him to repair a pipe organ and trusted him to do the right thing.
He smokes almost continuously, sitting back in his chair, his pipe held in an enormous fist.
Organ Toccata (1971) - pipe organ
The dry gas is compressed and then shoved by large compressors out in the pipe systems that transport it to the customers.
There is also a Major J. M. Sinclair Memorial Pipe Band which was formed shortly after his death and can still be found in competition throughout Northern Ireland and Scotland.
The riders come across a gigantic pipe organ, where in the Canada's Wonderland version, a rendition of the classical the piece "Fantasia in G Minor BWV 542" by J.S.
In Highland Dress, for anyone who has served in a Scottish Regiment or played in a pipe band, or whenever said by a Scot, if ‘plaid’ should be used to refer to tartan cloth, it could be pronounced:  (to rhyme with 'had').
TC Energy is applying for permits to tap the Cheyenne River, White River (South Dakota), and Bad River (South Dakota) for use during construction primarily for drilling to install pipe, to build pump stations and to control dust.
The Eastern United States Pipe Band Association (EUSPBA) website 
Organ Supply Industries, Incorporated is a pipe organ parts manufacturer founded in 1924 as the Organ Supply Corporation in Erie, Pennsylvania.
The pipe manufacturing company was purchased by Organ Supply Corporation in 1958.
The band's senior Pipe Major is John Cairns; the senior lead drummer is Harvey Dawson.
In 2017, the band was downgraded to grade 2 by the RSPBA after a dismal finish in Glasgow at the World Pipe Band Championships.
Apart from the band are its teaching and development programs, welcoming anyone who would like to learn to pipe or drum.
 "Frop", slang for Habafropzipulops: the alleged substance in the pipe of J.R. "Bob" Dobbs of the Church of the SubGenius
The church has a barrel-vault ceiling, marble pulpit, baptismal font, altars and statues, as well as a pipe organ once used at St. Helen Parish.
A contained engine failure is one in which all internal rotating components remain within or embedded in the engine's case (including any containment wrapping that is part of the engine), or exit the engine through the tail pipe or air inlet.
Horizontal drainage systems are drainage systems using open ditches (trenches) or buried pipe drains.
The specifications of the organ are recorded at the National Pipe Organ Register.
The secondary side water is allowed to flash at the end of the steam generator tube and go out through the steam pipe.
 Walter Hume (1873–1943), inventor, concrete pipe developer
Lathom in Lancashire is recorded as "Latune" in the Domesday Book of 1086, and in the 1201 Pipe Rolls of the county as "Lathum".
Environment Award winner was Risteard O'Domhnaill for his movie The Pipe.
Pipe, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in the Town of Calumet in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
The next oldest structure in Pipe was a bank that failed during the Great Depression, closing overnight as a run was made on its deposits.
Two miles east of Pipe is Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm, an electric generation windmill farms.
Pipe is located on U.S. Route 151.
Johann Christoph Altnickol, or Altnikol, (baptised 1 January 1720, buried 25 July 1759) was a German pipe organ player, bass singer, and composer.
The pipe system extracts 17,005 standard cubic feet per minute (119 million cubic metres annually) of landfill gases from the collection field, which consists of "over 40,000 linear metres of horizontal gas collection trenches and 80 vertical gas collection wells installed within the landfilled waste".
Its Turnerelli altar and side altars, redoros, mosaics, galleries and pipe organ, were all lost.
RPO 83 comprised three variations from the standard XA Falcon GT, these being of a Holley 780 carburettor, 2.25 inch exhaust headers and a clutch slave cylinder hydraulic pipe heat shield.
 sections of steel pipe
Boring operations through the rock incorporated both the use of a tunnel boring machine (TBM) along with some conventional techniques, such as blasting, soil injection, and pipe arches amongst other auxiliary construction measures intended to reduce the risk of excessive settlement.
The popular brand of Swedish pipe tobacco, manufactured since 1924 in Denmark by Swedish Match called "Greve Gilbert Hamiltons Blandning" is named after him.
The stage design consisted of a stained glass tableau that depicted Saint Michael the Archangel slaying the dragon during the War in Heaven from the 9th verse of the twelfth chapter of the Book of Revelations, a pipe organ and a fog machine.
1958: During a match with Pepper Gomez in Galveston, Texas a fan struck Bull Curry with an iron pipe.
UPR – Upper Pipe Ram
For example, pygmy possums in the chute of a grain silo; or pardalotes in the top, horizontal pipe of a children's swing.
Preston, R.L., Ph.D.,  Stetson, Pipe and Boots, Colorado's Cattleman Governor, A Biography about Dan Thornton, Trafford Publishing, Victoria, B.C., 2006.
In 1960, the village's namesake brook, the Reiffelbach, was channelled into an underground pipe, and sewerage was laid in the streets.
He considers the economic impact on his personal finances grimly, and upon arriving home, he takes a short rest before dinner, fantasizing about the type of gifts he would really like, but which he knows are impossible pipe dreams.
Some of the special programs WVMCC presents for children and adults are Super Summer Adventures, geology bus tours, silent movies accompanied by the pipe organ, regional art shows, railroad history field trips, and an annual Environmental Film Festival.
Cutting and reaming oilfield pipe, removing solids from tanks and pits, and refurbishing gas processing equipment may expose employees to particles containing increased levels of alpha emitting radionuclides that could pose health risks if inhaled or ingested.
The man with the pipe is taller than the trees.
It is thought that this manner of "smoking" opium began in the seventeenth century when a special pipe was developed that vaporized opium instead of burning it.
The river also had to be channelled through a steel pipe (owing to a contingency that the planners had failed to foresee), and the old Bauernmühle (“Farmer’s Mill”) downstream from Krummenau had to be torn down to make way for the new road.
China clay traffic started in 1862 and eventually English China Clays Lovering Pochin had six clay dries at Wenford sidings served by a pipe delivering clay slurry from Stannon Moor over four miles distant.
Cut off from further supply, the steam, in contact with water, begins to condense; a jet of cold water from the discharge pipe spurts up through the injection tube, and by breaking into spray against the side of the steam space, completes the condensation.
J. L. van den Heuvel Orgelbouw is a firm of pipe organ builders, based in Dordrecht, Netherlands.
This pipe, which has an external diameter of 1.2 metres and a length of 22 meters, has a capacity of 866 litres per second, and discharges into a newly enlarged lagoon, which can to hold up to .
 Wonder and Astonishment (2014), for two MIDI-controlled pipe organs
Moonlight Night was bred in Louisiana, a daughter of Peace Pipe (TB) and out of a descendant of Dewey (TB) and Doc Horn (TB) named Mae.
When the driver wishes to make a brake application, he operates the driver's brake valve which releases some air from the train pipe, so operating the triple valves.
Although, in multiple-unit operation, the air reservoirs on the vehicles can be relatively quickly charged, the restoration of pressure to the train pipe takes some time as air has to travel physically down the length of the train.
Each brake reservoir stores air at a pressure of 7 bar and is fed via a pressure reducing valve off the Main Reservoir Pipe.
This feature was lost with the removal of the Brake Pipe, so an electronic equivalent was created.
The instruments introduced are, in order: grand piano, reed & pipe organ, glockenspiel, bass guitar, vocal cords, "two slightly sampled electric guitars", "the Venetian effect", "digital sound processor" and tubular bells.
Brighton and Hove, Pipe organs of Brighton and Hove
From 2005, the band competed in the World Pipe Band Championships.
In the early 1990s, Saul played as a civilian member of the Grade One Victoria Police Pipe Band.
Marcussen & Søn, also known as Marcussen and previously as Marcussen & Reuter, is a Danish firm of pipe organ builders.
Phil Ward held the bottom end of the pipe horizontally off the ground).
The boy's secret gets revealed - he'd discovered a drainage pipe that opens onto the time stream.
In April 2007, the company was awarded the Best Exhaust Pipe Manufacturer Award from German Motorrad magazine, winning 42% of the votes.
Once the final level was reached the water flowed down a second pipe to a third tower which contained further cups on arms and was also activated by the mechanical power derived from the second water wheel.
In the late 1980s a new pipe organ was commissioned, and installed in 1990 on a gallery within the north transept.
The high cycle fatigue, repeated over 100,000 times, led to the pipe rupturing.
A review of plant parameters did not uncover any precursor indicators before the accident nor were there any special operations that could have caused the pipe rupture.
The Domesday Book of 1086 records the place-name as Donechitone, and a pipe roll from 1181 records it as Duneketon.
 Hollern St.-Mauritius-Church with pipe organ von Arp Schnitger (1690)
The club's opening received much praise for supporting this purpose, and was seen as authentic; it involved a Council Fire, the peace pipe, and speeches by Robert Ely, White Horse Eagle, and American Indian Defense Association President Haven Emerson.
Pericle Ferretti of the technical corps of the Italian Navy ran tests with a ventilation pipe installed on the submarine H 3.
It is so named because the word comes from the similarity of pipe fitting to the bend in a goose's neck.
Leaded goosenecks are short sections of lead pipe (1’ to 2’ long) used during the early 1900s up to World War Two in supplying water to a customer.
One gooseneck joins the corporation stop to the water service pipe work.
On Wednesday, 18 July 2007, at Unit 7, radioactive iodine was found leaking from an exhaust pipe by a government inspector, the leak began between Tuesday and Wednesday and was confirmed to have stopped by Thursday night.
The Distribution Division is now part of the Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group.
The docks prospered for decades but lost much of their trade when Mannesmann closed its nearby pipe factory.
From high on its dam wall, a still-visible metal pipe conducted water to the wheel of the adjacent, second mill, dating from 1850, and still functioning as a sawmill at the turn of the 20th century.
In some tinfoil, with a glass pipe, is your guitar."
6 December – A pipe bomb explodes in a law office in Paris, killing one person.
The inlet pipe flow was controlled by a set of valves housed within the valve house adjacent to the receiving basin.
There are objects such as an old cart, a sour cabbage pipe and the patron saint, the Black Virgin of Czestochowa.
It was he who was responsible for much of the costume still associated with the character, notably the deerstalker hat and the calabash pipe.
In 2016, the Sakala subdivision of Estonian Defence League formed the first Estonian military pipe band and their first performance was during the yearly Victory Day parade the same year.
Subjects they cover include the English, German, French, and Czech languages, mathematics, organ playing, organ history, physics, mechanics, pipe and action building, acoustics, electrical engineering, technology, quality of materials, technical drawing, economics, and gymnastics.
The technical challenges involved to first process and then pipe it to market are therefore considerable.
 Gassco (official site) Operates all natural gas pipe lines in the country.
After his purchase, it partially sunk in the Willamette River due to a frozen pipe.
In 1930 he participated in Challenge 1930 International Tourist Aircraft Contest, flying PWS-51, but he had to withdraw due to oil pipe damage.
They introduced tamarind to the island, in addition to cannabis and the chillum pipe.
50 underwater risers connecting to the outfall pipe will be drilled from on-water barges, and will disperse the treated and disinfected effluent into Lake Ontario.
Boris Barnet — British soldier, pipe smoker
This was later replaced with the AO-895-4 in the T18E1, which exhausted through a pipe mounted horizontally across the front of the vehicle.
Turbine meters are generally available for 1-½" to 12" or higher pipe sizes.
Descriptions of distinctive Seann Triubhas steps taught by Pipe Major Peter Quinn
Snowboarding - There is a half pipe and many wide slopes for the boarders.
 Female National Pipe Thread
The ship was laid down on 24 February 1943 at San Pedro, Los Angeles, by the Western Pipe and Steel Company; launched on 20 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. June M. Waterman, the widow of Aviation Machinist's Mate 1st Class Waterman; and commissioned on 30 November 1943.
The ship was launched on 18 July 1943 by the Western Pipe and Steel Company; sponsored by Mrs. Fern Hilbert Wier, sister of Aviation Ordnanceman Hilbert; and commissioned on 4 February 1944.
Kyne was laid down on 16 April 1943, by the Western Pipe and Steel Company, Los Angeles, California; launched on 15 August 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Alma Marion Kyne, widow of Ens.
As more liquid enters the interceptor the water enters into the second tank leaving the majority of the hydrocarbon behind as it cannot enter the dip pipe, whose opening into the second tank is below the surface of the water.
Its first item was an opium pipe from China.
The ship was laid down on 9 June 1943 at San Pedro, California, by the Western Pipe and Steel Company; launched on 26 September 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Miriam Engle Bright, Lt.(jg.)
The ship was laid down on 23 June 1943 at San Pedro, Los Angeles, by the Western Pipe and Steel Company; launched on 3 October 1943; sponsored by Miss Helen Irene Tills, the sister of the late Ensign Tills; and commissioned on 8 August 1944.
In 1930 he became one of the earliest developers in the East Texas oil field acquiring extensive leases and building the Tyler Pipe Line to deliver crude oil to a new refinery in Tyler, Texas.
St. Peter's houses a pipe organ built in 1927 by the George Kilgen & Sons company of St. Louis, Missouri.
Other characters in these plays are the drunkard Tuzsuz Deli Bekir with his wine bottle, the long-necked Uzun Efe, the opium addict Kanbur Tiryaki with his pipe, Altı Kariş Beberuhi (an eccentric dwarf), the half-wit Denyo, the spendthrift Civan, and Nigâr, a flirtatious woman.
Kirkwood resumed the pipe major position after the folding of the grade 2 band in 2018, now competing in grade 4.
The current drum sergeant is Graham Kirkwood formerly drum sergeant of Peel Regional Police Pipe Band, the current bass drummer/lead tenor for the bass section is Ryan Robertson, formerly lead tenor of the 78th Fraser Highlanders (Ontario).
In 2010, the resignation of its pipe major and lead drummer created a setback.
After the band folded , it was noted that there were 15 members of the 2009 Band competing in the Finals at the 2012 World Pipe Band Championships.
Pipe snake may refer to:
3 Ghosts (2011), a steampunk inspired stage adaptation by PiPE DREAM Theatre, written by C.E.
pipe were laid in  waters to tie the Ladybug wells to the Garden Banks 189 “A” platform.
In 1856, as proposed by Eduardo Madero, the Western Railway decided to increase the bore of pipe which transported water to the filters from Recoleta to Park Station, in order to also provide water to the rest of the neighbourhood.
It opened on April 10, 1926, with a three-story entrance containing "eight shops on the ground floor, 12 offices on the second floor, and 12 furnished apartments on the third, while the theatre's auditorium contained an orchestral pipe organ.
By the time the trial was held in 2004, the only remaining defendants were Garlock, which provided the refinery with asbestos-containing pump gaskets and packing, and Niagara, which provided asbestos containing pipe insulation.
White-throated woodrats selected house sites in reverse order of plant abundance: yellow paloverde 18.1 plants/ha, 6 houses; desert ironwood, 7.6 plants/ha, 14 houses; and organ pipe cactus, 5.0 plants/ha, 21 houses.
As a result, BP announced on 6 August 2006 they had discovered severe corrosion, with losses of 70 to 81 percent in the 3/8-inch thickness of the pipe walls.
Once treated, the water is released into Gold Run Creek, which joins Whitewood Creek within a few hundred yards of the discharge pipe.
There will be an adverse pressure gradient generated from the curvature with an increase in pressure, therefore a decrease in velocity close to the convex wall, and the contrary will occur towards the outer side of the pipe.
The Dean number is therefore the product of the Reynolds number (based on axial flow  through a pipe of diameter ) and the square root of the curvature ratio.
We use orthogonal coordinates  with corresponding unit vectors  aligned with the centre-line of the pipe at each point.
Poiseuille flow through a uniform circular pipe with no-flux
In the coordinate system , consider the fully-developed Poiseuille flow  flowing inside a pipe of radius , where  is the average velocity of the fluid.
As long as this initial distribution is compact, for instance the species/solute is not releases everywhere with finite concentration level, the species will be convected along the pipe with the mean velocity .
If pipe walls do not absorb or react with the species, then the boundary condition  must be satisfied at .
USS Chandeleur (AV-10), a seaplane tender, was launched on 29 November 1941 by Western Pipe and Steel Company, San Francisco, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; transferred to the U.S. Navy 19 November 1942; and commissioned the same day.
He worked variously as a tram driver, pipe fitter, insurance agent, ship's steward, docker and local government officer, while also appearing as a stand-up comedian in Lancashire clubs and pubs, before making his breakthrough in Ken Loach's The Golden Vision.
 Michel Fantini Jesurum - pipe organ
Later, a pipe network was setup to bring stream water for drinking and household activities.
He is extremely lazy and unfit, and spends the day lying in front of his tipi and smoking his pipe.
A fist-fight ensues, witnessed by Huckleberry Finn, "the juvenile pariah of the village," who wears rags, smokes a pipe and spends his days fishing.
I can't control it, and neither can you" and then crawls up a pipe, leaving a sad Chick P and a dazed K.O.
Pipe smoking, until recently one of the most common forms of smoking, is today often associated with solemn contemplation, old age and is often considered quaint and archaic.
Later, as the Dutch Republic rose to considerable power and wealth, smoking became more common amongst the affluent and portraits of elegant gentlemen tastefully raising a pipe appeared.
Impressionists like Vincent van Gogh, who was a pipe smoker himself, would also begin to associate smoking with gloom and fin-du-siècle fatalism.
Pipe and Pouch came in a leather bag resembling a tobacco pouch and Cigarettes in Fact and Fancy (1901) came bound in leather, packaged in an imitation cardboard cigar box.
The band has toured Europe including Scotland where both the No.1 & No.2 bands competed in Grade 1 & Grade 4 at the World Pipe Band Championships in 1992, 1995 and 1998.
The band's Pipe Major is Jason Palfrey; lead drummer is Stuart Palfrey.
The band competed in the World Pipe Band Championships in 2000 where it was placed 5th in Grade 2.
The band won the Australian Pipe Band Championships in Grade 1 in 2004.
In 1919 the band won the Argyle shield at the Cowal Games, equivalent to the World Pipe Band Championships as they are known today.
as Edinburgh City Police Pipe Band
The band is led by Pipe Major Stewart McKenzie and Drum Sergeant Gary Potter.
The band's Pipe Major is Jamie Hawke; lead drummer is Michael Jenkins.
Water from the lake is used to generate electricity through a pipe system  in length, located at the south end of the Kaunertal.
He is hidden in a sewer pipe, with only a portion of his face visible.
The problem can cause both slow leaks and pipe bursting without any previous warning indication.
In its men's version, it features an ensemble of players, each playing an aluminum end-blown pipe of a different pitch (naka, pl.
A Noack pipe organ was built at a cost of $29,000.
Oedipus plays the traditional Japanese Gagaku theme on his pipe and follows it with a Russian folk song about resistance.
The sleeve is cooled in liquid nitrogen then, in this low-temperature state, mechanically expanded with a mandrel to fit easily over the two pipe ends to be joined.
Further significant development occurred in 1931 under T. Guthrie Speers, with the addition of the current chancel designed by notable architect Ralph Adams Cram and the installation of the present 4-manual pipe organ by Ernest M. Skinner.
Zúñiga always dressed as an English gentleman, wearing a cylinder hat, gloves, and a monocle, and smoking a pipe.
 skanky  Dirty, particularly of a marijuana pipe.
These ancient factories used a blow pipe or a pair of bellows (a turutti) to light the fire that was used for smelting and welding.
AK Pipe International Cup
Customers in London, Swindon and Oxford see hose pipe bans during quite minor droughts.
It was caused by the failure of an 83-year-old,  underground steam pipe near Grand Central Terminal, which exploded during the evening rush hour.
A steam pipe explosion at Washington Square in 2000 near the New York University Bobst Library left a 15-foot (4.5 m) crater in the pavement on Washington Square South, scattering debris and leaving traces of asbestos in the air.
The explosion, which occurred just before 6:00 p.m. local time, near the peak of the evening rush hour, was caused by the failure of a Consolidated Edison  underground steam pipe installed in 1924.
It is a phenomenon that can occur when cold water comes in contact with a hot steam pipe, causing the steam inside to condense into liquid water, resulting in multi-phase flow which can damage piping.
They subsequently revised this assessment saying the ruptured pipe "experienced a sudden internal over-pressurization, due to water hammer, at least five times greater than normal."
Preliminary investigation results showed that a leaking seam repaired just before the disaster was found intact, and the pipe burst suddenly at a location approximately 10 feet (3 m) away.
Once detected, good and accepted practices would have required that this pipe section be immediately replaced."
A young boy was severely burned two months earlier by a burst steam pipe in that city.
At least twelve steam pipe explosions have occurred in New York City since 1987.
Upon its completion, the house possessed its own pipe organ, made by W.W. Kimball of Chicago.
Detonation destroyed the mines along the length of the pipe, forming a large path across the minefield.
Main hallway is also occupied by the homes original pipe organ.
The heat sink implemented to cool the Xenon CPU was composed of aluminum fins with a copper base, and a heat pipe.
The Annals of Chester state that the castle of Bromfield (the English name for Maelor) was burned by the English in 1140 and the King Henry II pipe roll of 1161 records that a castle is present at 'Wristlesham', the first recorded reference to the town.
In order to counteract the momentum of the fluid, the pressure will rise significantly (pressure surge) just upstream of the control valve and may result in damage to the pipe system.
To escape Batman, he dove into a basin of chemical waste and swam through a drainage pipe out to the river.
This restaurant had a pipe stove at the centre of its dining room and was remarkably cold for a restaurant.
All cargo pumps discharge into a common pipe which runs along the deck of the vessel; it branches off to either side of the vessel to the cargo manifolds, which are used for loading or discharging.
The 3.7-inch pipe gun was an early improvised mortar.
Jason then beats Ali unconscious with a pipe wrench.
The scene is observed by a seated farmer smoking a pipe, with the Hira Mountains in the background, beyond which is Lake Biwa.
Renovated in 1994, it too was damaged after closure in 2008 when a sprinkler system pipe on the fourth floor of the unheated building burst in December of that year, flooding the structure’s east end.
However, Tom is squeezed through the hole in his board and bounces around through the pipe.
The Blackwater Methodist Church was completed in 1825, added a gallery in 1832 and received a pipe organ in 1923.
 a spacing equation for subsurface pipe drains and open ditches (horizontal drainage) or wells (vertical drainage); see watertable control
However, the WaterHammer hydraulophone produces sound from impact (water hammer) that dies down after being initially struck, thus sounding more like a piano than the more typical "underwater pipe organ" hydraulophone.
Welding lead or 'lead burning' was much more common in the 19th century to make some pipe connections and tanks.
And stops her pipe in growth of riper days.
 James Jepson Binns (–1928), English pipe organ builder
With vacuum tube and heat pipe solar panels, these can have an appreciable amount of energy stored in each tube at the moment the sun goes in.
It breeds during the dry season and moves north ahead of the rains It tends to be more active at night and to call with a soft low whistle like the wind going through a pipe during moonlit nights.
Pipe insulation sleeves are made from a variety of materials, primarily EPDM rubber foam (which typically has greater resistance to high temperatures than expanded polyethylene foam).
In the early 2000s, the pump house and pipe work were finally abandoned when the network was connected to the mains water supply by Galway County Council.
Among geologists, Jagersfontein is known as a kimberlite pipe, and a prime locality for mantle xenoliths, some of which are believed to have come from depths of .
Pipe, snipe, recipe and choir,
In 2009, posters of French film star and comic Jacques Tati showed him with a yellow windmill in his mouth rather than his trademark pipe.
Radio studios were originally in the pipe organ studios of Lorin Whitney in Glendale and later re-located to a rented store-front on Adams at the bottom west side of the transmitter hill.
The Union Pacific Railroad began to promote a "circle tour" connecting Bryce Canyon National Park, Cedar Breaks National Monument, Zion National Park, Pipe Spring National Monument, and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park in 1922.
Sunday: School of Rock, Q Brothers, Recess Monkey, Dan Zanes and the Chicago Youth Symphony Orchestra, Peter DiStefano & Tor, Thenewno2, Perry Farrell, The Verve Pipe
The topside of the wings of promethea silkmoth males is black, as are the wings of the pipe vine swallowtails, which also have a shiny blue pattern on the top surface of their wings.
One experimental group was painted black and yellow to mimic the tiger swallowtail (Papilio glaucus), which is not a poisonous butterfly and does not mimic the poisonous pipe vine swallowtail.
Common names: Leonard's pipe snake, Leonard's burrowing snake, Malayan giant blind snake.Anomochilus leonardi' is a species of snake in the family Anomochilidae.
For its current specifications please refer to National Pipe Organ Register.
Bramling is mentioned in the Pipe Rolls of Henry III c. 1220, in reference to one Ralph of Bramling, Kent.
Lovato said it was because it had been drilled into them that "one drink was equivalent to a crack pipe."
Initially, the segment was presented with the Count playing his pipe organ; and when he reached the number of the day, balloons, confetti and the number appeared.
Marmaduke Ffogg (Rudy Vallée) and Penelope Peasoup (Glynis Johns) steal priceless snuffboxes from Chuckingham Palace, then cover their escape with Ffogg's fog-emitting pipe.
It is returned to the river through an underground pipe.
In August 2015 the most important unit of the Whiting refinery, capable of handling 240 thousand barrel per day and known as 12 pipe still , was shut down - reportedly due to holes found in piping, "disrupted markets throughout the region."
Watkinson's gave his attention to the possible effects of cigarette, pipe and cigar smoking on the health of Canadians.
Two last 16 appearances in the first 18 events were followed by a sensational run to the semi-finals of Players Championship 20, where Gray beat the likes of Max Hopp, Justin Pipe, Nathan Aspinall and Steve Beaton before succumbing to Peter Wright.
Stephen Bicknell, 49, British expert on the pipe organ.
The Danish Central Bank was heavily criticized by the Danish Cancer Society for choosing a portrait of Dr Bohr smoking a pipe, in an age of smoking bans.
He was an enthusiastic pipe smoker, even during formal dinners.
This and other growth was fueled in 1999 by 15.5 km of new water main from the Upper Middle Road Reservoir, colloquially known as the big pipe, and sewage lines to Oakville, Ontario treatment facilities.
Prince Albert is an American brand of hand-rolled-cigarette and pipe tobacco, introduced by the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company in 1907.
The blend is burley-based and remains one of America's top-selling pipe tobaccos.
Traditionally the thermowell length has been based in the degree of insertion relative to pipe wall diameter.
Motriuk, R. W. (1996) "Verification of Two Methods to Mitigate High Frequency Pipe Shell Vibration", ASME Proc., Montreal, PVP-FIV 328, pp.
It entails the construction of a processing (conditioning) plant at the wellheads to separate the oil (condense) from the gas, a separate pipe line to Daru, and the construction of a liquefaction plant in Daru.
It is thought that tree roots damaged the pipe allowing the virus to the surface.
Their maintenance requirement for breeding pair is the tank must be at least 10 inch, with addition of some dried leaves and hidden pipe for their hiding place.
At the time of his inauguration, the mayor estimated that about 60 miles of pipe had been laid underneath the city, providing water to over 5,000 houses and businesses.
It is slung on the arm or over the shoulder of a player who uses the same hand to play the pipe, while striking the strings with a linen covered stick held in the other hand.
 Ceremonial pipe (aka a Calumet)
Today, the Arcada Theatre is an 897-seat venue featuring its original pipe organ that rises from within the stage floor.
An impaled Gabriel embraces Michael, which drives the metal pipe through Michael's chest also, and tells Michael that he forgives him.
The hole was fitted with a steel pipe to allow air samples to be recovered and a microphone to be lowered, which reached the cavity location underground early Friday morning on August 10.
The common name refers to the Quitabaquito Springs Oasis, in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Arizona.
"You’re the Woman" / "It’s Not Good" / "Family Song" - San Francisco Sound compilation (Fifth Pipe Dream (F.P.D.
Other data sources can be indexed via pipe in a custom XML format.
The name Hollow Horn dates back to a Lakota myth in which a woman brings a sacred pipe to chief Standing Hollow Horn and ensures prosperity for the Lakota.
There were many different ways to perform the vision quest but usually the vision quester utilized the sacred peace pipe and a sweat lodge.
They can be used in very viscous, dirty and corrosive fluids and essentially require no straight runs of pipe for fluid flow stream conditioning though pressure drop can be an issue.
The Coriolis principle for flow measurement requires the oscillating section of a rotating pipe to be exploited.
Shep, meanwhile, has become too close to Virginia, and Bligh has assaulted him with a piece of lead pipe.
In 1988, the wild population became extinct when a tree root burst the pipe and cut off water flow to the concrete pools.
By ear to the sound of a tuning fork or pitch pipe, which lets you get one pitch on one string correct.
"After six years since Carl Hancock Rux released his debut album, he "comes thundering back with one of the most expansive, ambitious, and musical recordings to come down the pipe in a long while.
 Captain Pipe (from 1774-1794?)
The intermediate DC link powers four individual three phase GTO-based, heat pipe cooled inverters (one per traction motor); the traction motors are force cooled four pole, three phase asynchronous machines (4FXA4-559B) rated at 1280 kW.
 The Lone Ranger (1949-1953, TV Series) - Sheriff Roberts / Sheriff / Sheriff Conners / Ray / Rancher with Pipe (uncredited)
The musical style is very different from Highland pipe music, despite the many common features of the instruments.
The term tundish is still used today in plumbing, where a funnel or hopper is filled by an outlet pipe above it.
An enormous pipe organ first plays the V'ger theme on the Enterprises approach, a literal indication of the machine's power.
Built in the 16th century, this small 3.7m square building still supplies water to the abbey albeit through a modern water pipe.
Players may use pistols, bottles or bricks, assault rifles, shotguns, fiber-wire, or steel pipe against enemies if opting for the action-oriented approach, or avoid enemies altogether, not being seen, using disguises, blending into the environment, and only attacking the set target(s), if using the stealth-oriented approach.
Pipe Organs of Temple Square - Alexander Schreiner Centennial
Jerry suggests using the air horn to "scare" Tom's hind legs and tail down the pipe so Tom can be free.
From Stephens Reservoir the water makes another downhill journey by a large pipe to the Broken Hills mining operation.
Primary ore minerals are uraninite and pitchblende, which occur as cavity fills and coatings on quartz grains within permeable sandstone breccias within the pipe.
Activities ranged from finger painting, making toys with pipe cleaners, modeling clay or drawing.
Single-element compression seal fittings are used to seal a single element such as a temperature probe, tubewell, pipe, etc.
The outfall pipe was commonly known as the 'bubbler'.
Because the midwakh pipe is used almost exclusively for smoking dokha, the terms are often used interchangeably.
One study speculated that oral lesions are a possible chronic side effect of irritation from the midwakh pipe.
Boghall and Bathgate Caledonia Pipe Band
 "The Pipe Organ Number": Astaire performing on the hands of his band arranged as a keyboard
In some high-performance engines the core plugs are large diameter cast metal threaded pipe plugs.
During the testing of a car, one of the pipe plugs backed out.
ACE DuraFlo is a cured-in-place pipe treatment that creates an epoxy barrier coating on the inside of existing piping systems.
Weinhard's brewing business continued to expand to the point where he even offered to pipe beer directly to the Skidmore Fountain.
There were no changes made to the drivetrain although a new exhaust system having a single exhaust pipe instead of the quad was fitted.
In 2004 a pipe was broken by builders while they were working on the upgrade of the Fofanny water treatment works, near the source of the river.
It was founded in late 2006, and was reported to have disbanded in 2009 as a result of internal conflict including pipe bombing attacks.
The deposit is in a breccia pipe on the Colorado Plateau of northern Arizona.
To block off the design, cookie decorators pipe the outline of the cookie as usual, but then section it off in smaller sections, filling them in one at a time.
Structural Clay Products is concerned with the manufacture of brick, pipe, and red-body tile.
He jumps out of the boot and seemingly kills Joe by hitting him twice in the back of the head with a pipe wrench.
A repair was made by welding oil drums together to form a circular tube, and then grouting the gap around the outside of the tube with concrete, to form a circular concrete pipe.
The liner consisted of a  diameter HDPE pipe manufactured by Stewarts and Lloyds Plastic, and butt welded on site.
Beneath the image of Révol, a bishop is shown blessing the sea, beneath Thoreau a bishop and a man are shown by a water pipe and beneath de Hercé the scene shows de Hercé being shot in 1795 with Mr.de Sombreuil.
A Riser clamp is a type of hardware used by mechanical building trades for pipe support in vertical runs of piping (risers) at each floor level.
There are at least two types of riser clamp:  the two-bolt pipe clamp and the yoke clamp.
7, and Eden Park Stand Pipe still stand as historical remnants.
He's often seen holding and using a Corncob pipe (which blows bubbles).
In 1892, The 26th Bombay Infantry (7 Baloch) became the first Baluch battalion which had formed a pipe band.
After the First World War, brass bands, which were expensive to maintain, were replaced by pipe bands in all Baluch battalions.
In 1946, the honour of being the best in the Army was claimed by the pipe band of 8th Punjab Regimental Centre, which was selected to lead the Indian infantry contingent in the Victory Parade in London on 8 June 1946.
It also won the President's Trophy for Best Infantry Pipe Band of Pakistan Army in 1982.
The combustion chambers and throat are regeneratively cooled, while the nozzle, of welded pipe construction, uses dump cooling.
The Frieze Memorial Organ is a 124-rank pipe organ housed at the University of Michigan's historic Hill Auditorium.
Images from the war captured in the song include reading Playboy, seeing Bob Hope, listening to The Doors, smoking from a hash pipe, praying to Jesus, remembering "Charlie" and "Baker", the Company identifiers used in military units, and those in those Companies who "left their childhood / on every acre", many of whom died in the fighting.
 An introduction to the Pipe Organ with Andrew Cantrill
In the foreground is a "komusō" mendicant monk with a distinctive straw hat, and a porter heading in the opposite direction with a "kiseru" Japanese smoking pipe.
The estimated cost of Operation Pipe Dreams was over $12 million and included the resources of 2,000 law enforcement officers.
The church has had a rich history of traditional music, especially with the Rufatti pipe organ at its heart, beginning with the start of the church, more than 50 years ago.
Unearthed were the following smaller finds: a bridle, a bell, a short piece of lead pipe, nails and chains, a silver coin and a blue pearl.
In 1859 and 1860, the Perlebach was channelled into a pipe under the village.
 The National Pipe Organ Register: Midlothian Edinburgh, St. Cuthbert, 5 Lothian Road [D04644] 
A choir loft containing the basilica's pipe organ is located above the narthex overlooking the sanctuary.
Luksus's home in Old Bennington, Vermont contains an historic George Stevens & Co pipe organ made in 1842.
Protesters blocked access to the center by locking their arms together in PVC pipe, hanging suspended from poles rigged into a tripod, or locking themselves to the gate.
MacKay has also presented and produced non-news programming for STV including the one-off documentary Sir Alex Ferguson: How to Win Games and Influence People and online content including the popular video blog The Real MacKay and the feature series Diary of a Pipe Band.
After the water is cooled it flows down a pipe that conducts the condensate back into deep wells, where it can be reheated and produced again.
She took the first sailing from Ardrossan on 23 May 2013, when a pipe band and press welcomed her into Ardrossan.
Pipe sales were the most profitable part of his business.
Englishman William Garbutt was brought in as head coach to help revive the club; Garbutt was the first professional manager in Italy and he was considered to have a strong charisma, constantly smoking his tobacco pipe.
A specification can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Downstream of this bridge are 3 pipe bridges.
Kirk Sandall Pipe Bridge
Then, to re-animate him, Begichev fired his pipe and put it in Kolchak's mouth.
In August 1940, Bloch moved to New York City in order to promote the stations and sign advertising contracts for the then twelve-station organization, known informally as the "Gas Pipe Network".
In 2020, the Mai-Kai building closed following flooding caused by a burst pipe.
The upper station discharges into both a pipe feeding the lower station and the Roaring Meg Stream, while the lower station discharges into the Kawarau River.
The game then erroneously sets the far-left Warp Pipe to send him to World -1.
Birch Lane at that time, with "its little stand, its surround of rusty galvanised iron pipe, its insecure unvertical posts and its similarity to a hen-run" did little to enhance the club's status.
The pitch produced from the instrument is changed by placing a finger into the open end of the pipe and covering this opening by a half or third etc.
These instruments allow chromatic notes to be readily obtained, a semitone lower than the primary sound of the pipe.
The volynka is constructed around a goat skin air reservoir into which air is blown through a pipe with a valve to stop air escaping.
The magnititude of the effect depends on pipe conductivity and surface roughness.
The NKT flexible pipe is an unbonded structure consisting of helically wound metallic armour wires or tapes combined with concentric layers of polymers, textiles, fabric strips and lubricants.
The Prelude for Pipe Organ won the California Music Teachers Association Composition Competition in 1991.
Traffic was an even mix of lumber, fertilizer, and plastic pellets inbound and grain, cement, and plastic pipe outbound.
The production started in Vaasa in 1951, and moved to new premises in 1952, where KWH Group's and Uponor's joint venture plastic pipe plant, Uponor Infra Ltd, is still located today.
Pipe projects in Brazil, Iraq, South Korea and Thailand increased the company's familiarity with these markets.
According to the new strategy, the Group's resources were to be focused on developing its core operations, which were defined as KWH Pipe, KWH Plast and KWH Mirka.
KWH Pipe is part of Uponor Infra since 2013.
The English tabor pipe is commonly tuned "tone, tone, semitone", and corresponds to the three lowest holes of a tin whistle.
This instrument is very similar to the telenka, only instead of having a fipple, it is played like the sopilka or frilka, by having the breath break against the side of the pipe.
It had been estimated they needed to raise $4,000.00 for the concrete based, metal roofed, pipe framed shed surrounded by a concrete walkway and  fence.
Also the Thirteen Pipe Fountain, from the 17th century, it is near the side street of the village.
A penstock pipe of  diameter ( thick) and  length embedded in the dam diverts the flow of  from a gate controlled trash racks (15 panels) covered intake into the powerhouse.
The club's crest features a reclining man smoking a pipe with the slogan: "Ugliness is a virtue, beauty is slavery".
In the (former) settlement of Paloma a fire burned at an oil refinery, and an explosion occurred at a refinery in Long Beach due to a cracked pipe, but most of the Greater Los Angeles Area was free from heavy damage due to the distant location (around 10 miles southwest of Tehachapi) of the earthquake.
Some users claim to have had personally donated more than A$1000 through PayPal and the Managing Director of PIPE Networks personally pledged A$10,000 to support Whirlpool's cause.
The Catholic monastery church of Saint Pancras is a Romanesque building which is known for its Baroque pipe organ built in 1688.
As a result, the shape of the feedwater pipe was changed from the original "C" shaped end to an "S" shape entering the boiler between the smokebox and first cladding ring, rather than between the first and second cladding rings.
Whilst all from the same manufacturer broadly to the same design, the Beyer, Peacocks all have slight differences; for example, the first trio have their nameplates mounted forward of the injector feed pipe, whereas Nos.
The internal diameter of this pipe is  and capacity is 9.7 billion cubic metre (bcm) of natural gas per year.
The second leg runs for  from the Heimdal platform in the North Sea to Draupner S. The diameter of this pipe is  and capacity 11 bcm per year.
Early designers fitted curved sheets below the steam collector pipe, but these were not successful as the whole of the steam space could contain foam.
On 2 May 2007,  PGNiG and Energinet, a Danish transmission system operator, which was taken over Danish natural gas transmission network from DONG, signed an agreement to explore the possibility of construction the Baltic Pipe.
On 3 June 2021, the Danish Environmental and Food Appeals Board announced that it had repealed a land permit issued in 2019 for Baltic Pipe.
On 21 December 2021, the Danish Environmental Protection Agency has begun the 8 weeks long hearing period for the Baltic Pipe Environmental Impact Assessment Report and the draft hearing for the project.
The business came to an end though when, in an attempt to clean the pipe, Fred Clingan instead plugged it.
Locust Street heads east toward the Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse and the historic home Hard Lodging, and west toward the historic farm Mount Pleasant.
The state highway crosses Little Pipe Creek again before reaching its northern terminus at MD 31 on the northern edge of the town of New Windsor.
Johann Sebastian Bach was known to enjoy smoking a pipe, and wrote poetry on how doing so enhanced his relationship with God.
Hungarian pipe organ builders
His drilling crews accidentally tap into a volcanic pipe during a tyrannosaurus' visit, triggering a volcanic eruption that threatens to destroy the whole plateau.
A mixture of Gilhams' Militia Tactics and Hardee's translation of the French tactics were substituted for the old Scott "heavy infantry" tactics as well as its accompaniment of leather stock and pipe clayed belts.
Hays, a businessman with 21 years experience in the steel industry, was at some stage appointed Vice President of the new company, which in this period was a small-calibre steel pipe and metal casings manufacturer.
The company made its first move into San Francisco in 1910 with the purchase of a local riveted pipe manufacturer, the Francis Smith Company, whose own origins dated back to 1854.
While many of America's First World War emergency shipyards shut down at the end of the war, Western Pipe & Steel continued to grow its business in the postwar era.
When the commission began to offer public contracts for its shipbuilding program, the Western Pipe & Steel Company found itself in an advantageous position.
The most notable ships built at the San Pedro yard were the seven Wind class icebreakers, whose specifications were so imposing that Western Pipe & Steel was the only bidder.
In late 1945, shortly after the war, the Western Pipe & Steel Company was sold for a sum in excess of $6.2 million to Consolidated Steel of California, which in turn sold the assets for $8.3 million to Columbia Steel, a division of US Steel, in 1948.
One of the five Type C1 vessels built by Western Pipe & Steel for its initial Maritime Commission contract, American Leader was delivered in July 1941 but only made a handful of voyages before being sunk by the German auxiliary cruiser Michel off the Cape of Good Hope in September 1942.
In the prison showers, Ratchet meets the Plumber who was called to fix a broken pipe.
The Salt Lake Tabernacle organ is a pipe organ located in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, Utah.
The first recordings of the organ were made by Tabernacle organist John J. McClellan for the Columbia Graphophone Company in 1910 and are the first commercially-released recordings of a pipe organ.
They escape with a turn down a sewer pipe.
A specification and pictures of the organ can be see on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The state highway crosses the Monocacy River on a through truss bridge at Millers Bridge just south of the confluence of the Monocacy River and Double Pipe Creek.
MD 77 was extended east to the Frederick–Carroll county line at Double Pipe Creek just west of Detour starting in 1930.
The combination of ditch and net-covered hoop is known as a pipe.
Ducks are encouraged to swim up the pipe using a dog, by feeding them, or a combination of both.
This task requires some experience and judgment as too little food will not encourage the ducks to swim further down the pipe.
It is home to the Waimatuku Pipe Band and the Waimatuku Warriors mixed netball team.
An investigation by the South Australian Government found that around 22,800 plastic and calico bags containing exploration samples, drilling material, cardboard and paper waste, plastic jars, PVC pipe, packing and other material were buried by the drilling contractor in two large trenches approximately 35 metres long x 4 metres wide x 2.7 metres deep.
After killing him, Mason and Shorter went to the shower room, carrying Johnson's body along, which they then hung from a water pipe, trying to present it as a suicide.
Joanne Lemieux (Aahkoyinnimaakii – Pipe Woman)
Dolly Collins puts her stamp on "Richie Story" in her pipe organ accompaniment, a stately march as the couple in the song progress through the street to church to marry.
Pitches can be changed by closing and opening the pipe holes.
The finger holes outside each pipe must be closed to make a sound.
The dance is usually accompanied by Hulu Sheng, and on occasion, lusheng with a long pipe, together with horizontal and vertical bamboo flutes, three- and four-stringed plucked instruments, and suona.
 Paulus: A nice, good natured wood gnome who is a friend of all nature and enjoys to smoke a pipe now and then.
As an "Indian" he met some notable historical individuals: the Delaware chief, Captain Pipe, as well as Simon Girty, a much-hated American who now sided with the Indians and the British,.
Excessivism was introduced to the Los Angeles art scene in November 2014 in the Red Pipe gallery in an  exhibition titled Excess The New Norm.
Additionally, many householders have chosen to pipe the drains through and around their gardens, greatly reducing their ability to handle higher levels of land drainage in heavy rain.
Armed with pipe bombs, they destroyed or damaged a total of eleven PR ANG aircraft: ten A-7D Corsair IIs and a single F-104 Starfighter being retained for eventual static display as a memorial.
Roper, like Saunders, was a journalist who was decent, knew French, smoked a pipe, had run his college newspaper (and almost flunked physics) and faced tough challenges.
The church's great four-manual pipe organ was donated by The Honourable Albert Edward Matthews and family.
Manrico often physically torments his brother, including stuffing his head in the barrel under the drain pipe of their house.
Trask is eventually found wrapped in a pipe by Iron Man before Magneto attacks while Senator Robert Kelly's campaign mentions what happened to Trask to the media.
On 3 October 2007 3,200 employees were trapped underground when a  compressed air pipe broke away just below surface in the men and material shaft and fell to the shaft bottom, severely damaging both the shaft steelwork and the electricity supply to the sub men and material shaft.
James Elmer – bass pipe on "Volcano"
Also, water comes out of a pipe at the left bank side of the falls, and trickles into the river in a series of small waterfalls.
After accepting it, Praline hears something and placed his ear down into the floor to hear the Society of Putting Things on Top of Other Things travelling down a pipe.
A Yale University-led archaeological team examined the area surrounding the historic house, unearthing animal bones, pipe fragments, coins, and hundreds of other objects.
Industrial process imaging, or industrial process tomography or process tomography are methods used to form an image of a cross-section of vessel or pipe in a chemical engineering or  mineral processing, or petroleum extraction or refining plant.
In 1898, the Beach Hotel was discovered to have been flushing its cesspools via pipe into the Gulf of Mexico.
A collection of objects relating to 19th and 20th century shops, public houses and business in Galway, including Persse's Whiskey Distillery (Lady Gregory was a member of this family), Young's Hibernian Mineral Water Works, clay pipe factories and a receipt book from one of the Magdalene Launderies or Magdalene asylums.
In general, this conventional system consists of a brake pipe that runs the length of the train which supplies air to reservoirs mounted on each of the cars.
When the engineer needs to make a brake application, control valves in the locomotive reduce the brake pipe pressure.
To release the brakes, the engineer charges the brake pipe.
Also, since the brake pipe is typically used for control and supply of air to the cars, if an engineer is not careful, the air supply can be depleted.
Also with ECP, the brake pipe remains charged during operation.
A total of 34 Bayfield-class vessels were produced between 1942 and 1944 – 20 by Ingalls Shipbuilding of Pascagoula, Mississippi and the remaining 14 at the San Francisco shipyard of Western Pipe & Steel – making the Bayfield class the second most numerous attack transport class behind the Haskell class.
Behind the buildings are the school's sports playing fields which additionally play host to local fairs and other outdoor functions such as the annual national pipe band competition.
This development is built on the land of the former Woodville Pipe Works and incorporates the planting of new trees on the former fire clay pit as part of the National Forest scheme.
The balcony is usually the home of a large, 18th century European built pipe organ – originally hand pumped, later converted to electric pumping and now often superseded by a modern electric organ.
Later on the night of 8 October, Guevara—despite having his hands tied—kicked a Bolivian army officer, named Captain Espinosa, against a wall after the officer entered the schoolhouse and tried to snatch Guevara's pipe from his mouth as a souvenir while he was still smoking it.
Pipe lies  to the south, and Brothertown is  to the north.
The weir was installed to let the river travel over a main sewer pipe.
This pipe organ is designed by Albert Blancafort, built by Blancafort, orgueners de Montserrat, and financed by popular subscription and the social work of the Caixa de Penedes.
 18 April – John Loosemore, pipe organ builder (born 1616)
Other advantages of using structural pipe fittings are easy installation and reconfigurable design.
The fittings are not threaded; they simply lock onto the pipe with the supplied hex set screws.
The operator’s hand does not have to reach the end of the drill pipe and drill stem extensions can be several meters long.
If required, the upper part of the well can be reamed and cased with larger diameter pipe (3 or 5 inches), to accommodate larger pumps.
 John Compton, London pipe & electronic organ maker
This project replaced the old  outlet pipe that ran through the base of the dam, from the reservoir to Los Gatos Creek.
The new outlet pipe, which runs through a new tunnel in Saint Joseph's Hill, on the east side of the dam, also features new actuating valves, and a new intake structure.
To date, SOA has focused on building IT applications only and the network has been mostly deemed to be a transport pipe.
Specified Minimum Yield Strength (SMYS) means the specified minimum yield strength for steel pipe manufactured in accordance with a listed specification1.
It is an indication of the minimum stress a pipe may experience that will cause plastic (permanent) deformation.
Outside in the hallway, Larry and Curly accidentally hit Moe with two long pieces of pipe, leading to an argument.
Due to the presence of groundwater when the piles were bored, a Tremie pipe was used which displaced water to the surface as the bore hole was filled with concrete.
It also prevents hang-ups by providing a smoother transition for the truck when it hits an obstacle or a metal pipe or round bar.
Pipe & instrumentation diagrams (P&ID)
Their "Calliope" song, for example, is a pipe organ melody that is performed more like a dirge than something festive, and the song "Madame Endora" is a narrative piece featuring the gravely voice of a fortune-teller who warns the listener that "a storm is coming" and to "beware."
 The Reynolds number Re is taken to be Re = V D / ν, where V is the mean velocity of fluid flow, D is the pipe diameter, and where ν is the kinematic viscosity μ / ρ, with μ the fluid's Dynamic viscosity, and ρ the fluid's density.
It is used to solve directly for the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor f for a full-flowing circular pipe.
Serghides's solution is used to solve directly for the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor f for a full-flowing circular pipe.
Since Serghides's solution was found to be one of the most accurate approximation of the implicit Colebrook–White equation, Niazkar modified the Serghides's solution to solve directly for the Darcy–Weisbach friction factor f for a full-flowing circular pipe.
Open source pipe friction calculator.
The castle grounds were church property of the Bishop of Cloyne, from whom it was held, according to the Pipe Roll of Cloyne, in 1291.
Pipe Creek Falls Resort was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The township contains four cemeteries: Bond, Friends, Park Lawn and Pipe Creek.
 City-Data.com page for Pipe Creek Township
They developed a low-current electric soil humidity sensor which uses light detection to control water pipe valves and improve irrigation efficiency.
He has won the Volcom Pipe Pro an astonishing 4 times and has been declared the all-time ruler of this contest.
Another source of pollutants was the sewage outfall pipe which ended on the ocean side of the middle of the barrier and was in use until 1998.
From 1979 to 1985 the Timaru City Council commissioned a length of the Washdyke Barrier to be renourished in order to protect a sewage outfall pipe and ascertain whether or not the system would viably protect the barrier structure.
 And I can smoke a pipe.
Attached to the cylinder head is a cast aluminium alloy intake manifold on one side, and two cast iron exhaust manifolds on the same side (it's a non cross flow engine) (one manifold for three cylinders) followed by a two in one exhaust pipe system.
A pipe organ is fitted to the right wing of the church, close to which sits the choir.
His childhood home even housed a fully functional pipe organ, hand-built by his father.
Pipe Creek Township residents may obtain a free library card from the North Madison County Public Library System with branches in Elwood, Frankton, and Summitville.
Hendrickson Organ Company is a manufacturer of pipe organs based in St. Peter, Minnesota.
The vessel was launched 5 August 1943 by Western Pipe & Steel, Los Angeles, California, under a Maritime Commission contract as Sea Snapper; acquired on a loan charter by the Navy 30 October, and commissioned the same day.
C. B. Moore's excavations produced various small artifacts including projectile points, a pebble ax of fossilized wood, a chert hammerstone, and a zoomorphic effigy pipe of shell-tempered pottery.
Launched as Sea Angler by Western Pipe & Steel, San Francisco, California, under a Maritime Commission contract, the vessel was acquired by the Navy 26 February 1944 and renamed Cecil after a county in Maryland.
Goshen, originally Sea Hare, was laid down by Western Pipe & Steel under a Maritime Commission contract on 31 January 1944.
A cast iron pipe plant, open hearth furnace, rolling mills and a cement plant were later added and the name of the factory was changed to The Mysore Iron and Steel Works.
Wiley finds John Doe is no longer on the lab’s heat signature and theorizes the creature can expand/contract its molecular structure at will, (essentially a shapeshifter) and escaped through a drain pipe.
The real Frank, pleased with himself, sits back and smokes a pipe, while Manhog is dismayed by the approaching clones.
It is one of the few pipe organs in the Philippines.
Goodhue – named after Goodhue County, Minnesota – was initially laid down as Sea Wren on 7 January 1944 by Western Pipe & Steel of San Francisco, California.
Swiss pipe organ builders
The lead pipe, for example, was very different from anything Olds had produced).
Josiah Eustace Dodd (1856–1952), South Australian pipe organ builder
According to Josh Karp, Beard is remembered from his Harvard years as patrician, a pipe smoker, not over-concerned with the appearance or cleanliness of his clothes, misanthropic but not malicious, capable of understanding and organizing any subject, a gifted student who occasionally wrote parodic papers.
After smoking a peace pipe with Ostenaco, Timberlake proceeded southward to Chota, where he was met by some 400 Cherokee.
After smoking a peace pipe with the town leader Cheulah, Timberlake proceeded southward to Chilhowee, where he gained similar assurances of peace.
He set up a pipe band competition in Alloa in the early 1930s.
The match started back and forth until they went outside the ring, and Midajah, who accompanied Steiner, attacked Vicious with a lead pipe.
He was bludgeoned with a lead pipe and murdered on October 25, 1989, at the age of 68, by a drunken Mexican national and is buried in the United States at Fort Bliss National Cemetery.
 "The Freshmen" by The Verve Pipe (1997)A song about a girl who commits suicide as a result of the regret she feels for having an abortion.
The association was founded in 1963 and was originally called the Pacific Coast Pipe Band Association.
The organization includes over fifty bands, ranging from juvenile and grade 5 bands to grade one bands such as the Prince Charles Pipe Band and the Los Angeles Scots.
1857); he became vicar-choral in Hereford Cathedral, 1853–1874, vicar of Pipe and Lyde, 1861–74, and of Upton Bishop, 1874–90, and prebendary of Hereford, 1877–90.
Currently, the band competes in grade 3 of the Eastern United States Pipe Band Association.
On July 1, 2012, a new 16 ft. Open Wood rank was dedicated in his memory at the pipe organ of the Ocean Grove, New Jersey, Great Auditorium.
Anti-bruise races do not have sharp edges, and instead use pipe with rounded edges such as oval rails; alternatively sides with sheet iron or steel can be found or built onto the races, which improves livestock movement and also prevents injuries from animals getting their legs or heads caught between the rails.
Wakanohō said he bought two bags of marijuana, a rolled joint, a pipe and two Russian cigarettes from a Russian and a black man for 20,000 yen in a club in Roppongi.
At each meal the ceremonial dish, laig dab that is composed of pork and rice, is offered to the deceased body by the eldest son, while the reed pipe instrument, called the qeej, plays a ceremonial song (Tapp 84).
A tremie is a watertight pipe, usually of about 250 mm inside diameter (150 to 300 mm), with a conical hopper at its upper end above the water level.
To facilitate management of pipe length it may be built up from 1 to 3.5 ] m sections.
The tremie concrete placement method uses a vertical or nearly vertical pipe, through which concrete is placed by gravity feed below water level.
To start placement, the tremie pipe is first lowered into position.
This is facilitated if the hopper capacity is at least equal to the volume of the pipe.
As the pour progresses, if flow slows or stops, the discharge opening is raised so that the head in the pipe can maintain flow.
The water pipe line,  in length, is linked to the main water supply of the Israeli settlement of Efrat, south of Bethlehem.
Despite termination of the ASRG flight development contract, NASA continues a small investment testing Stirling converter technologies developed by Sunpower Inc. and Infinia Corporation, in addition to the unit supplied by Lockheed and a variable-conductance heat pipe supplied by Advanced Cooling Technologies, Inc.  Flight-ready units based on Stirling technology are not expected until 2028.
In particular, the SCHER addresses questions in relation to new and existing chemicals, the restriction and marketing of dangerous substances, biocides, waste, environmental contaminants, plastics and other materials used for water pipe work (e.g.
Uponor Infra is the result of a merger between Uponor Infrastructure and KWH Pipe whose products are used in new and rehabilitation infrastructure projects associated with water and wastewater piping, storm-water management, gas distribution, culvert reline and slip lining.
Uponor Infra North America was acquired by Wynnchurch Capital in August 2017 and now operates under the name of Infra Pipe Solutions.
The tunnel – essentially a pipe with two open ends – had the air drawn from the room in which the tunnel was placed and it was exhausted into that same room at the other end.
For this exhibition Miriello produced fifty interpreted globes, using a variety of materials that included antique pipe wrenches, bowling balls, the propellers of boats and corrugated cardboard.
This requires an additional length to be added to the regular length for calculating the natural frequency of the pipe system.
To make the culvert and tide gate you can use an old worn-out canoe for the pipe .... and use just about any good-sized flat stones you can get your hands on.
Four hogsheads of brandy, one pipe of Malaga wine, twenty gallons of lime-juice, twenty-five hundred lemons, thirteen hundredweight of fine white sugar, five pounds' weight of grated nutmegs, three hundred toasted biscuits, and eight hogsheads of water, formed the ingredients of this monster-brewage.
The number of domestic connections are 274 million (one connection for five people) with a circulation of more than 40 crore (400 million) LPG cylinders whose net aggregate length would form a 2,00,000 km long pipe line which is more than the length of total railway track laid in India.
The lodge building contains a pipe organ by the north-east organ builder John Donaldson (died 1807), the only extant example of Donaldson's work in its original position; here high up on its own purpose-built gallery.
Fiachra Trench – piano, pipe organ, conductor
Bowen became Professor of Music in Clark University in 1895, writing broadly on music (Music in the Home), as well as being an accomplished vocalist and musician with the piano and pipe organ.
The church is one of the few churches in the country that still has an operating pipe organ.
Jacob Jordaens, who became Antwerp's most important artist after Rubens's death in 1640, is well known for his monumental genre paintings of subjects such as The King Drinks and As the Old Sing, So Pipe the Young.
Smission invented the Energy Dissipating Vortex Drop Pipe System of which two were constructed along the tunnel.
Methuen Memorial Music Hall, initially named Searles Organ Hall,  was built by Edward Francis Searles to house "The Great Organ", a very large pipe organ that had been built for the Boston Music Hall.
Probably no other building of this size has been built solely to house a pipe organ.
In the terminology of Christian church architecture, the nave is  wide while the transepts extend to , and the pipe organ is in the chancel.
Michigan-Peninsular Car Company was formed from the merger of Michigan Car Company, Peninsular Car Company, Detroit Car Wheel Company, Michigan Forge and Iron Company and Detroit Pipe and Foundry Company, with Russell A. Alger appointed as the first president of the consolidated company.
Resolution included installing a pipe through the beaver dam so that the pond's water level could not become excessive.
It was this talk which convinced Nafez that the idea of non-violence was not merely a pipe dream.
Calumet The French word for a Native American tobacco pipe.
 Exhaust manifold, an engine part that collects the exhaust gases from multiple cylinders into one pipe.
Donja Badanja (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Бадања, meaning 'a wooden pipe made of a hollowed trunk', often used to direct water on the wheel of a water-mill) is a village in western Serbia.
Each figure in the group represents one of the senses: a lute-player (Hearing), a man holding a wineglass (Taste), a man with a pipe (Smell), an intimate couple (Touch) and a woman reading (Sight).
As they ran out of ammunition, they desperately defended themselves with a shovel and a pipe.
She picked up the pipe."
The concert featured Campbelltown Pipe Band joining the proceedings during Mull of Kintyre
Among the innovations deployed were a hot-water drilling system that allowed for easier ice-boring and a flexible drill pipe that could accommodate tidal oscillations and strong currents.
In 1970, the same year Mager & Pipe published their landmark book, Harless, with the assistance of his associate and another notable in the field, Claude Lineberry, published An Ounce of Analysis (Is Worth A Pound of Objectives).
James Arnold Talbot (December 13, 1879 in Paris, Kentucky – July 17, 1936) was an American businessman who became President of the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California in the 1910s, and who later became head of the Richfield Oil Company based in the same city.
World Pipe Bands Championships/All Ireland Finals - BBC Two Northern Ireland
"Only a Pipe Dream" (Murray Head, Ian Maidman) – 6:09
The hole was discovered in the pipe within a buried culvert (caribou crossing)."
Investigators said that the sludge helped breed acidic bacteria and corrosion that ultimately ate though the pipe.
The spill occurred because the pipe froze.
After the race, Räikkönen explained that his lack of pace was due to his car's right exhaust pipe breaking, causing the engine to lose power.
She worked in that capacity with local police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to improve the security of Province House, after a pipe bomb exploded in the legislature on April 20, 1995.
This description fits the laminar flow of a fluid between two solid plates that slide parallel to each other (a Couette flow) or inside a circular pipe of constant cross-section (a Poiseuille flow).
Pipe organs were the last fixed-tuning instrument to adopt equal temperament.
The choir is sometimes divided from the nave of the cathedral by a wide medieval pulpitum screen constructed of stone and in some instances carrying a large pipe organ, notably at Exeter, Gloucester, Lincoln, Norwich, Rochester, St Albans, Southwell, Wells and York.
On 3 November 1938, McLachlan was questioned in parliament over the letting of a contract by the Postmaster-General's Department to the Hume Pipe Co. Lyons' lukewarm defence caused McLachlan to resign as Postmaster-General the same day.
Lang's car caught fire after a conrod severed the fuel pipe to his car's engine; the fire burnt away all of the aluminium bodywork.
Pipe the Whiskers is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
GM issued another recall on August 16, 2013 for 2011 and 2012-model Cruzes—292,879 cars built at the Lordstown plant—to address a potential loss of power brake assist, due to a faulty microswitch in the power brake vacuum pipe assembly of Cruzes with the 1.4-liter engine and the 6T40 automatic transaxle.
In 1909 Stonehouse Pipe Band won the civilian contest and went on to retain it in 1910 and 1911.
According to Bayliss, the dog had been given a morphine injection earlier in the day, then was anaesthetized during the procedure with six fluid ounces of alcohol, chloroform and ether (ACE), delivered from an ante-room to a tube in his trachea, via a pipe hidden behind the bench on which the men were working.
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
The black man was shot down in July 1965 while driving home from work at an Anniston pipe shop.
Super Hits (The Verve Pipe album), 2007
The controlled burning of the charcoal produced carbon monoxide, known as gazogène, which was captured and transferred in a stout pipe mounted on the outside of the right-hand C-pillar to a roof mounted gas tank.
The church contains an 1893 Johnson & Son pipe organ in the choir loft.
His rival, however, changes the box's contents so that when Bebe opens the box it contains a pipe and a whisky flask.
 Bea McTye – pipe organ
Edmond was lead drummer in the college's pipe band.
The pipe organ, built by Baltimore builder Henry Niemann in 1890 has been placed in storage, pending its location to another church.
In a case known as the "Gas Pipe Thugs" Judge Cook sentenced a defendant who  pleaded guilty to  hanging without a jury trial, a sentence that the Appellate Court upheld.
In 1919, an elaborate pipe organ was installed.
It includes the acoustical signet of the Expo: The Vox Maris, a pipe organ that opened and closed every single Expo-day, it was also regularly used in concert play.
The predominant instruments are the pipe organ and the choir, giving the song a classical or hymnal feel.
Its head alone was two meters high; two of the puppeteers hid inside the head to control the Giant's eyes, ears, mouth, and pipe.
In May, the ship conducted sea trials, and on 29 May, a condenser pipe in one of her boilers burst.
Dr. Andrew Pipe, President of CGC, said:
He went on to win the snowboarding title in the Quik Cup of 2001 and 2002, took third place in the 2001 Half Pipe Junior World Championships and second place in the 2003 Quiksilver Slopestyle Pro in 2003.
In 2007, Mathieu Crépel became world champion at both big air and the half pipe at the World Championships in Arosa, Switzerland.
The harpsichord (including pick noise), pipe organ, and some other instruments in main instrument set were also sampled.
They built and sold more than 3,200 pipe organs across the U.S. and abroad.
Law is an eyepatched, pipe smoking Crossroads Police Department detective, who, with his shoeshine boy sidekick Nubbin, is featured in several adventures planned for a new comic series.
His father Harry was an organist who played in churches and cinemas; he also taught the pipe organ.
Eleven were constructed by the Western Pipe & Steel Company at San Pedro, California, while the remaining two—Mendota and Pontchartrain—were constructed by the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland.
When equipped with the Stinger, Pioneering Spirit can be used to lay pipe.
The Stinger is curved to guide the pipe to the bottom of the ocean.
Winnebago was built by Western Pipe & Steel (WPS) at the company's San Pedro shipyard.
Sebago was built by Western Pipe & Steel at the company's San Pedro shipyard.
Wachusett was built by Western Pipe & Steel at the company's San Pedro shipyard.
Winona was built by Western Pipe & Steel at the company's San Pedro shipyard.
She worked for racehorse trainers Martin Pipe and John Edwards before taking up a licence to train herself in 1995.
Yard 3 along the original Boston & Maine eastern route served the South Portland waterfront of the Fore River estuary including PTM Wharf 4, the New England Shipbuilding Corporation and the Portland-Montreal Pipe Line terminal.
Androscoggin was built by Western Pipe & Steel at the company's San Pedro shipyard.
When given the assignment of getting a mysterious squeaking sound out of the Colonel's car from his assistant Kelly (Duke York), they get sidetracked after Moe's head gets stuck in a pipe.
Footage of Moe getting his head wedged inside a pipe was reused in the 1960 compilation feature film Stop!
Pontchartrain was built by the Coast Guard yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland, one of only two Owasco class vessels not to be built by Western Pipe & Steel.
The garrison is quickly destroyed, and the colonel falls down in the debris only to survive by falling into a sewage pipe.
The pipe  collapsed on to the deck of the oil tanker MT Castillo de Monterreal.
Sand-based systems are composed of a sand-based root zone, often a gravel layer, and a drainage pipe (tile) system.
However, when he arrived there he joined with another group, the New World Liberation Front or NWLF, where he learned to make pipe bombs.
Pan Kraft was a cargo ship built in 1919 by the Western Pipe and Steel Company of California.
He died when sparks from his pipe hit an open gunpowder keg.
The pipe bombs and several eight-stick packages of dynamite had fuses already attached.
His début novella Pat the Pipe –  was published in 2007 and was turned into a radio drama for Raidió na Life by his brother Rossa.
Grounds could be returned to a nearby cold water pipe or a wire approximately one-quarter wavelength long, or can be replaced by randomly laid-out quarter-wavelength counterpoise wires attached to the ground connection.
The water is distributed from Prospect to Pipe Head by tunnels and mains, with some areas supplied directly from these mains.
The water for Ryde is supplied from Pipe Head.
Prior to its demolition, the station still had pre-1990s SIRT station components—steel corrugated walls, overpasses and original -high station pipe railings with faded signs.
1986 - The Four Pipe Organs of Chichester Cathedral
As the water is siphoned from the trough, water is also sucked from the timing box and the water level inside the box falls rapidly, with air drawn into the timing box through a 'snorkel' vent pipe.
The pipe organ is from Hillgreen-Lane of Alliance, Ohio, and was said to have cost $10,000.
On the morning of 10 November 2009, sometime around 6AM local time, Major General James Kazini died at the home of his girlfriend, in the Kampala suburb of Namuwongo, after being struck on the head with a metal pipe during a domestic brawl.
Revenues from this taxation do not appear in the 1200 Pipe Roll, although the designation in official records of William of Wrotham and his assistants as receptores carucagii—"receivers of the carucage"—suggest that the money raised was paid into a special commission in the Exchequer.
The 1224 carucage was a tax levied only on the clergy, and the revenues from it did not appear in that year's Pipe Roll.
Always wearing one of many of his prized boxing baseball caps, and smoking a pipe, he is widely regarded as the nation's foremost boxing historian, and was known and respected worldwide.
Fire protection of such boats is provided by insulation and a sprinkler system which has a pipe system on top, through which water is pumped and sprayed to cool the surface while the boat is driven clear of the flames.
In 2003, a mishap with a pipe nearly caused the barge to sink.
Police confiscated several pipe bombs, handguns, rifles, shotguns, a machine gun, Rohypnol, chloral hydrate, marijuana, a live puff adder, venom collecting apparatus, and floor plans for several area notable residences and businesses.
The area included a Half Pipe and All Terrain Park, the Big Tube Park, the Kinder Tube Park, and the Wolverine Raft Park.
The end of the exhaust pipe emerged from a small circular hole near the tail.
When water freezes it expands and this expansion can cause failure of a pipe system in any one of a number of ways.
In such circumstances, the breakout of noise from the pipe wall can be achieved by acoustic insulation incorporating a high-density sound barrier.
Other factors, such as the level of moisture content and the opening of joints, can influence the overall performance of pipe insulation.
Pipe insulation made from rigid Phenolic, PIR, or PUR foam insulation is common in some countries.
Heat flow passing through pipe insulation can be calculated by following the equations set out in either the ASTM C 680 or EN ISO 12241 standards.
A number of organisations such as the North American Insulation Manufacturers Association and Firo Insulation offer free programs that allow the calculation of heat flow through pipe insulation.
Many of the ceremonies have features in common, such as specific dances and songs passed down through many generations, the use of traditional drums, the sacred pipe, praying, fasting and, in some cases, the piercing of the skin.
The pipe symbolsthe vertical bars  and used above are phonetic, and so will often disagree with English punctuation, which only partially correlates with prosody.
In such cases, some linguists use only the single pipe, with continuing and final prosody marked by a comma and period, respectively.
The connection to the growing Brisbane population was by a single , cast-iron, mains pipe that was  in length.
Among the symbols in the logo are a Native American peace pipe, representing unity among the different communities that make up the conference; a towel and basin, representing the Mennonite practice of service; and a pitcher representing believer's baptism and the outpouring of the Holy Spirit.
An anecdotal report of a carbon dioxide fire extinguisher was published in Scientific American in 1887 which describes the case of a basement fire at a Louisville, Kentucky pharmacy which melted a lead pipe charge with  (called carbonic acid gas at the time) intended for a soda fountain which immediately extinguished the flames thus saving the building.
Roger of Salisbury introduces the first pipe rolls, as a record of exchequer accounts.
It still houses its original Wurlitzer Style 216 pipe organ.
The rectory next door (sold in the late 1980s) is purchased a month before the fire (and is mortgaged to pay for the pipe organ).
Setnor auditorium and the pipe organ
Pipe operates a website RogReviews which hosts reviews of movies, sex toys, and websites involving the adult entertainment industry, as well as audio and text interviews with stars, directors, and other important figureheads.
Pipe began watching pornography consistently in 1985.
During the early years of the site's launch, Pipe also had a day job as a warehouse and office manager for a local software company.
In 2005, Pipe joined The Daily Noise, an uncensored entertainment radio talk show broadcast out of Las Vegas, hosted by spin jocks Kaan Soler and Jimmy Diggs, as a weekly guest commentator.
Earlier this year, Pipe introduced interviews with industry members through podcasts, a decision which has increased his site's exposure considerably.
However, Pipe maintains he is one of the most open-minded in the business, believing that “all women, in all shapes, sizes and ages should be appreciated by the men who appreciate them.
Following the outbreak of HIV among five actors (beginning with Darren James) in the spring of 2004, Pipe expressed his disappointment that the advent of the Internet had opened up the door for anyone to shoot, which can exclude those involved from being in safe, professional environments and circumstances.
However, Pipe has also been at the heart of several controversies in the adult entertainment industry, including a public feud with director Skeeter Kerkove.
However, when Carrera's husband, nutritionist and author Don Lemmon died in a car crash in June 2006, Pipe solicited his readers for financial and emotional support for the grieving Carrera.
The tunnel connected to a sewer pipe that ran under the fence to the outside.
It consists of an inlet chamber on the upstream side of the dam wall in the reservoir and a pipe to the downstream side of the dam.
The non-stop pipe smoking made Timberlake so sick that he "could not stir for several hours".
Once tight, this hitch is quite resistant to sliding along the foundation even if the surface is smooth such as on a steel pipe.
However, Terra Crusher's L-shaped manifold shape hampered the effectiveness of tuned pipe, further weakening the engine's performance.
In the Mayoral election, Jules Pipe CBE, the Labour Party candidate, won a third consecutive term.
In another part of the ship Gen faces off against Balrog, ultimately impaling him with a liquid nitrogen pipe.
American tobacco customs began to switch from the earlier pipe smoke to the cigar as mentioned earlier, as well as the great American western icon of the spittoon, which was linked to chewing tobacco.
The Saint-Marcel Church (19th century) has a Pipe organ built by the organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll.
There are a total of eight weapons which can be obtained: three melee weapons (a pipe, a sword and a whip), two throwing weapons (knives and hand grenades), and three firearms (a revolver, an M-16 assault rifle, and a four-barreled FLASH-style rocket launcher).
The aluminium monocoque chassis was discarded in favour of a steel pipe space frame chassis, similar to the Nissan R381.
The first purchase order, for  of 24-inch-diameter pipe, was placed on July 2, 1942.
Oil lines flow through Isuikwuato and there have been cases of burst pipe which have had severe effects on the local economy and environment.
John Jasper McClellan made the oldest solo pipe organ recordings that we know of today on the Salt Lake Tabernacle organ in Salt Lake City.
I didn’t think there would be more than one or two records, so all the songs I wrote on those albums are just pipe shredders, so it destroyed my range and those songs are the hardest to sing as I got older with a band, you know?
The captors eventually deem him useless and force Sam at gunpoint to beat Joe to death with a lead pipe, which they also record.
Brierley was the birthplace of Winifred Foley (25 July 1914 – 21 March 2009) author of the autobiographical A Child in the Forest, and other later works including No Pipe Dreams for Father.
In September that same year a pipe bomb was left under Langhammer's car outside his Whiteabbey home although it exploded in the early hours with no one hurt.
"I don't believe any single purchase would be a better introduction to the pipe organ..." (Review of Thomas Murray's CD "Great Organ Builders of America: A Retrospective (Volume 14): Newberry Memorial Organ, Woolsey Hall, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut")
In 1965 he began to offer concerts at his newly acquired home on the Hudson, which had a real pipe organ in the living room, and  of land.
In the spring of 2007, a suspicious looking object resembling a pipe bomb caused the evacuation of Tolman High School.
 Bill Bottrell – organ, synthesizer, acoustic guitar, bass guitar, percussion, pedal steel, drums, electric guitar, marimba, pipe, vocals, choir, chorus, producer, engineer, mellotron, acoustic bass, string arrangements, drum programming, mixing, synthesizer bass, wurlitzer
Cuba also figured that SWAPO, their regional ally, would pipe the tune in Namibia.
In 2006, she was accepted for a Fulbright Fellowship and spent the next year composing and performing in Taiwan, where she played an important role in increasing exposure to the pipe organ in that country.
The Sydney Town Hall Grand Organ is a large pipe organ built by English firm William Hill & Son in 1890.
For services to Pipe Band Music in Northern Ireland.
The kibbutz also owns a plastics factory, Huliot, a leading manufacturer of pipe systems and plastic products.
He was originally taught by John Hunter, tutor with the Inverness Boys Brigade Pipe Band, an ex-Cameron Highlander and veteran of the Somme.
He also played for many years with the Balmoral Highlanders showband in London and toured extensively with them under the direction of his lifelong friend and pipe major, Willie Cochrane.
Though he enjoyed wine and smoked the occasional pipe or cigar he kept in peak physical shape until his death.
Until the late 16th century, London citizens were reliant for their water supplies on water from either the River Thames, its tributaries, or one of around a dozen natural springs, including the spring at Tyburn which was connected by lead pipe to a large cistern or tank (then known as a Conduit): the Great Conduit in Cheapside.
On January 7, 2020 the member company Klaipėdos Kartonas has been found to have been dumping large amounts of industrial waste waters into the Curonian Lagoon via a secret pipe.
Dooagh Pipe Band was founded on 17 March 1947 with a membership of eleven.
He lost 9–4 to Justin Pipe in the second round of the Players Championship Finals having beaten Colin Lloyd 6–3 in the opener.
Pipe Major W. Ross composed the slow march (or lament) in memory of Lady MacRobert's three sons in 1944.
This means that there is always water in the pipe preventing the passage of anything from the other direction.
When the wind is blowing from the west dispersing the sands, it can sound as if a pipe organ is playing.
Upon its opening in 1852, the cathedral had a three-manual pipe organ designed by Henry Erben.
In addition to Kinnaird, other good horses handled by him included Godstone (his first Group winner, who was awarded the 1983 Richmond Stakes, after finishing third, on the disqualification of Vacarme and Creag-An-Sgor), Maroussies Wings, Mummy's Pleasure, Hawkley, Pipe Major, Nigel's Lad and King Revo.
 Spud gun, an improvised launcher, typically made from lengths of pipe, used to project potatoes (aka "spuds"), which sometimes use compressed air as a propellant
Hillgreen-Lane was a builder of church and theater pipe organs.
In addition to the wartime iron relics, the museum preserves and demonstrates substantial numbers of historical artifacts that have witnessed the development of Alabama's iron and steel industry, such as a cast iron water pipe made in Birmingham during the 1880s.
Drilled wells are usually cased with a factory-made pipe composed of steel or plastic.
Drilled wells are usually cased with a factory-made pipe, typically steel (in air rotary or cable tool drilling) or plastic/PVC (in mud rotary wells, also present in wells drilled into solid rock).
ET is trapped under a heavy pipe in a flooding ship and Nikki is the one to try and reassure him.
In 1921, a new pipe organ was installed by M. P. Möller.
Spreckels Organ Pavilion in San Diego's Balboa Park, housing the largest outdoor pipe organ in the world, was also built by Spreckels and his brother John.
The white neo-classical chapel was equipped with bells and pipe organ.
The windows were decorated with stained glass, and a pipe organ was installed to provide music at services.
In 1908 an Æolian pipe organ was installed at a cost of $11,500.
As the group crawls through a pipe to evade the swarm, Junior is impaled by a mosquito, causing his eyes to bulge and explode.
While hiding safely in the pipe system, they conclude that the "meteorite" and the mosquitoes are connected.
Tina was pushed from the balcony and beaten with a lead pipe by Rob Donovan (Marc Baylis), before dying of her injuries on 2 June 2014.
The waterfall has a pipe batten along the bottom edge to ensure the lines rise evenly.
In 2006 this organ was restored and rebuilt by Principal Pipe Organs of York.
Mykestro - Pipe Dreams EP - (February 11)
Closest to the beam pipe, was a silicon strip vertex detector.
The detector components were arranged around the beam pipe, in a layered structure like that of an onion.
The church, built in ashlar sandstone with slate roofs, has a nave with clerestory and north and south aisles, transepts, a chancel with a lady chapel and pipe organ chamber.
There are two parts that comprise an APO: the reverse merger and the PIPE.
A PIPE is when a publicly traded company sells its stock to investors in a privately negotiated transaction.
There is now a true market value for the company and the company is positioned to raise additional capital in PIPE transactions.
After a company completes an APO, potential investors will be inclined to invest in additional PIPE raises for the company because the public company has had SEC disclosures from day one including audited financial statements, Sarbanes-Oxley, 10Qs, 8Ks, etc.
Between the years 1718 and 1720 famed pipe organ maker Gottfried Silbermann installed one of the only 50 organs he completed, known for their clear meantone temperament.
The Torinos had their rear ends lifted by air shocks and were equipped with "U.S." brand 5-slot aluminum wheels with larger rear tires plus a chrome tip on the exhaust pipe.
The Pipe roll from 1130 shows a number of vacant benefices whose revenues were going to the royal coffers.
The entrance is a vertical concrete pipe at the bottom of a shakehole that was last shored up in 2006.
The variable ends up containing a live pipe command when merely echoed.
 Pipe Flow Technology Centre
 Henry Willis & Sons, British pipe organ building company
In 1902, Mr. Lasell built a 2-inch galvanized pipe from the spring to a bottling plant in downtown Martinez across from the train station, approximately 6 miles (10 km).
The previous pipe organ was built in 1858 by Forster and Andrews, and rebuilt in 1944 by Jardine.
Nead is an unincorporated community in Pipe Creek Township, Miami County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The Orpheum has a Beaux Arts facade designed by movie theater architect G. Albert Lansburgh and has a Mighty Wurlitzer organ, installed in 1928, that is one of three pipe organs remaining in Southern California.
The lovers then climb with great difficulty through a stove pipe to the roof, sustained in their flight by a star shining high above them.
The skeleton of Theo the Pipe Smoker was found 1984 near the Theodorskirche in Kleinbasel.
The Funter Bay underground lode mine produced about 500 thousand tonnes of copper-nickel-cobalt ore, without gold, from a Mesozoic gabbro-norite pipe.
NKT Holding sold the electricity distribution manufacturer Lauritz Knudsen to Schneider in 1999, the semi-conductor manufacturer GIGA to Intel in 2000, and the underwater pipe manufacturer NKT Flexibles in November 2012.
The 1930s saw the first pipe line system in Lloydminster.
Pipe was a Belgian automobile manufacturer founded by the brothers Alfred and Victor Goldschmidt.
This Pipe car was powered by a two-cylinder engine.
Because of this, Pipe became one of the largest Belgian car manufacturers.
In that year, Pipe presented two new models, with 3.0 and 9.0 litre, but these models were presented badly.
Jack was exposed to Mutagen after he climbed into a pipe on Bayview Beach that was polluting the water.
Under his successor, Francis Geer, the church installed a new pipe organ and replaced the roof and interior floor of the parish house, used as a meeting for many of Garrison's community groups.
While the iPhone is a good example of the dumb pipe, not everyone believes it will ultimately be bad for operators.
While not necessarily a full realization of a smart pipe, 3 is one of the first operators to offer such a combination of bandwidth and value-added services for flat-rate pricing.
The firm was founded in Ipswich by William Churchman in 1790, beginning as a small pipe tobacco manufacturer with a shop at Hyde Park Corner, at the junction of Crown Street and Westgate Street.
Some of this contains fossilized worm burrows and is known as pipe rock.
Pipe Line Contractors Association
Extra goos recovered in the pipe are pumped through to the World of Goo Corporation, a sandbox area where the objective is to compete with other players worldwide by building the tallest tower possible.
The pipe organ located behind the altar was built by Casavant Frères of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec in 1980.
The xirula (, spelled chiroula in French, also pronounced txirula, (t)xülüla in Zuberoan Basque; Gascon: flabuta; French: galoubet) is a small three holed woodwind instrument or flute usually made of wood akin to the Basque txistu or three-hole pipe, but more high pitched and strident, tuned to D/G and an octave higher than the silbote.
Revelli brought out a pitch pipe and began the instructions.
After his daughter Maggie Burroughs pulls Freddy into the real world and destroys him with a pipe bomb, the demons abandon his body and disappear.
Tracy helps Maggie kill Freddy, giving her with the pipe bomb she uses to destroy him.
This resulted in a substantial rework of the pipe routing (which makes the outward appearance of the two models considerably different).
Official Xbox Magazine gave the game a 4.5 out of a possible 10, stating, "Whether you're swinging a pipe or a scalpel, the controls never feel responsive, and rotten collision detection will drive you mad before Jigsaw's twisted games even have the chance."
The church has two pipe organs.
Hand-crafted figures have been made using the mature woody fruit for a head, together with pipe cleaners, wool and fabric scraps.
The pitch produced by a pipe is a function of its length.
The octave sounded by a given pipe is inversely exponentially proportional to its length ( the length = double the pitch), meaning that a 4′ stop speaks exactly one octave higher than an 8′ stop.
They attack and defeat the initial defense, however they are forced to stop to retrieve fuel from the area they just attacked as a result of a breakdown in the fuel pipe.
The From Scratch versions were constructed from PVC drain pipe, beginning the group's association with sculptural instruments invented from industrial materials.
Names of Pacific islands contaminated by nuclear tests are sung and shouted during the piece, which ends with an urgent polyrhythmic PVC pipe section, followed by the solemn tolling of aluminium bell-poles.
The show was based around "Global Hockets" (not previously performed in Auckland) but also contained performances of "Drumwheel" (with Carol Brown taking the central spinning dance role) and "POWWOW", a new piece for three end-struck PVC pipe stations (reminiscent of the finale of "Pacific 3,2,1,Zero").
Späth Orgelbau installed a typical pipe organ for this time.
The Oregon Civil Defense Force (OSDF) also fields a pipe band that wears a modified Highland uniform, including kilt and sporran, authorized by the Oregon Military Department.
During his service in Germany, Roebuck developed the modern pipe fascine, now used by the British Army in operations globally to rapidly cross small gaps and obstacles that restrict the mobility of armoured and other units.
Harry Thrower died suddenly on 31 December 1939, when he was 57, from haemorrhage of the lungs brought on by smoking an ounce of pipe tobacco a day, and the effort of keeping the gardens up to standard with the three remaining gardeners.
The site of the crossing was rediscovered in the early 2000s; its north and south ends were marked by PVC pipe, as the river has changed its route and the crossing is not obvious.
The church has recently undergone a significant renovation and improvement programme - including the addition of a kitchen and toilet, removing Victorian block work and modern organ pipe facade to reinstate and glaze an older arch to the tower, and removal of pews at the rear (west end) of the church.
In 1867, Mort's Dock became principally an engineering facility; including the construction of steam locomotives, ship machinery, mining equipment and steel pipe for the Sydney Water Board.
Tom Hardison, vice-president of the Portland Pipe Line Corp., characterized it as a "biased process" and a "vote against jobs, energy and the waterfront".
In 2001 Enda Kenny TD, speaking in the Dáil, raised the concerns of the Erris Inshore Fishermen's Association about the effect of the discharge pipe from the terminal at Ballinaboy.
Once on top of the volcano, a section of a Japanese water pipe was found that became the flagstaff for the flag.
In the early afternoon, a larger replacement flag was brought up Mount Suribachi by the Easy Company runner (messenger) which was then attached unto another Japanese steel pipe.
The Captain carries it in the bowl of his lit pipe, and names the island Salamander Island.
To confirm the theory, Heins replaced part of the driveshaft with plastic pipe that wouldn't conduct the magnetic field.
Hogan then got tagged in and went for a leg drop to Daivari, but Hassan hit Hogan with a lead pipe instead.
Undertaker threw the referee into the steel steps and retrieved a lead pipe from his motorbike.
Undertaker attempted a Tombstone Piledriver on Rock but Flair hit Undertaker with the pipe and Rock pinned Undertaker after a Rock Bottom to win the match.
Pipe Rolls identify the existence of a royal household in the village as early as the 12th century, and that Eleanor of Aquitaine resided there in 1165 while her husband – Henry II – was in Normandy.
Also on display are historic fire-fighting tools such as fire buckets and helmets, as well as a section of wooden pipe from the original pumped water system of the 1762 Waterworks.
It includes copper itself (as used in pipe for example), bronzes and other alloys with a significant copper content.
Music in the church is provided by a pipe organ.
Construction - ceiling noise protection, acoustic panels, stair treads, pipe guards, ventilation grilles, sun protection slats, facades, sign boards, temporary airfield surface, etc.
On her first mission, convoy escort duty, Ballantrae suffers a burst steam pipe and has to be left behind while repairs are effected.
The escutcheon is used to bridge the gap between the outside diameter of the pipe and the inside diameter of the opening in said surface.
Fortuna was known for her distinctive chime whistle, which had been personally prepared by Captain Anderson, filing away at the whistle’s pipe until the sound suited him.
A year later, another fire, started in one of the company's garages, destroyed 25 vehicles and two pipe houses, with the total damage estimated at $150,000.
Billings himself will go on to become one of the first major figures in American music history, and is said to have been the first to introduce both the pitch pipe and the violoncello to the New England church choir.
The pipe bridge that connected the station to the racecourse was replaced in the 1950s.
With the start of the Second World War he joined the Calgary Highlanders pipe band.
These animals live among trees and plants like cedar, Douglas fir, spruce, alder, yew, seaweed, rhododendron, Indian pipe and thistle.
After pursuing them some distance they were ambushed by the hidden force of Native Americans under the Wyandot chief Half King, the Delaware chiefs Captain Pipe and Wingenund and the British Indian agent Simon Girty.
The creation of the Magic Pipe was based on Silverman's double bass experience, as well as borrowing from the concepts of the gutbucket and the diddley bow.
At the World Matchplay major event, seventh-seed Suljović comfortably defeated Henderson and Pipe to reach his ninth major quarter-final.
The collection was started by donations from Captain Jonathan Carnes; items as diverse as an elephant's tooth and a pipe from Sumatra set the standard for the museum's acquisitions.
In 1661 organ builder Hans Horn completed a new pipe organ, and further work on it was completed around 1700.
However, Nick arrives too late to save Hunt, who accidentally activated a country club's pool drainage system and ended up being disemboweled by the drain pipe.
In late 2016, Black Hills announced plans to invest $700 million to build a 1 million square foot drilling and pipe production plant in Norfolk, Nebraska.
Stained glass windows were installed within the church in 1898, and in 1925 an Estey pipe organ was added.
The church's pipe organ was originally made by Lambert Daniel Kastens and installed in 1738, and the façade remains in place today.
It also contains an antique pipe organ built around 1700 and restored to playing condition by Pascal Quoirin in 1998.
The Auto Union 1000 model experienced an unexpected increase in crankshaft damage because the oil, its viscosity affected by the cold weather, was unable to flow freely through the narrow feeder pipe in the carburettor.
Through a steam injector or a perforated pipe, steam is injected underneath the sheet after it has been laid out and weighted with sand sacks.
For ten years (1998–2008), he played with the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band in Burnaby, British Columbia.
He did not smoke, allowing that a gentleman might have an occasional cigar, but believing that cigarettes were for effeminate weaklings and that a black pipe ruined mind and body.
A small 5 stop, one manual chamber pipe organ, originally from St Nicholas' Church, Durham has been in use for small-scale services since 2015.
The Aeolian-Skinner organ still is a 3-manual, but it has 91-ranks instead of 41, making it an Opus 1482 hybrid pipe and digital organ.
The church was restored in 1859-60 and 1870-74 by George Gilbert Scott, who rebuilt the north arcade and added, according to Pevsner,  a "glittering mosaic reredos... made, according to Canon Binnal, by a Catholic Italian who insisted on smoking his pipe while doing it".
In the "coro alto" (rear gallery) stands a large baroque pipe organ, restored in 2014.
The pipe connected may be either rigid or a flexible hose.
Compared to pipe fittings that are themselves threaded, banjo fittings have the advantage that they do not have to be rotated relative to the host fitting.
The addition of "Special" to the style is from the addition of a full piano (with pedal piano extension) to the right of the console, a marimba to the left, and a kinura rank located in the pipe chamber.
Joseph "Lead Pipe Joe" Todaro (1923–2012), natural causes
In 2007, the renovation of the church started and the old Pipe organ of the other church in town was installed.
Near Solignat lies Puy D'Ysson, a mountain formed by ancient volcanic pipe that reaches 2,808 feet in elevation.
In January 2008, a small amount of oil was spilled after a pipe broke while loading a tanker.
Hilborne founded the Roosevelt Pipe Organ Builders in 1870 with his brother Frank and built some of the largest organs in the United States during his career.
Upon emerging from the river, Elmer comes up wearing the hat, glasses and corncob pipe of General Douglas MacArthur, paraphrasing his famous line by saying, "I have wetuwned!"
There was a short tubular intake on the front of the first stack and a narrow pipe led into the engine cowling from the rear exhaust.
The murderer feels cheated by the victim when he had sold him the pipe and was paid in counterfeit money.
 John Coxon - Fender Jaguar, pipe organ
In 2003 a new pipe organ was installed.
Clearwater police discovered Lonsdale's body after they were alerted by neighbors and found a garden hose connecting the exhaust pipe of Lonsdale's car with one of the windows of his home.
The building had a grand entrance with extensive windows and a glazed roof that could be withdrawn to let the cigar and pipe smoke out.
Microbes found in piping and geologic structures are known to produce iron sulfides and pipe corrosion.
Removing and monitoring the quantities of the black powder in strategic locations along the transmission lines will lessen the erosion factor and may act as a monitoring tool for pipe wall life cycle.
He grew up in Wheatley Hill, County Durham, beginning work as an apprentice pipe fitter at the local colliery.
In 1998 he started making 100% cacao bars for locals from the farm, with moulds made from a clay pipe.
They commonly hold skilled construction positions, among them pipe layers, welders, and engineers, and may earn as much as US$10,000 per month; however, they often find themselves the target of violence by local militants.
At Dutch Harbor, following a steam pipe explosion and collision with a dock, the Anderson was abandoned by her passengers, who shifted over to a steam schooner to reach the mouth of the Yukon River.
This is a large four-manual pipe organ with 65 stops.
Pryor entered a no-contest plea to a charge of possessing illegal drug paraphernalia, a pipe used for smoking cocaine, which was found in his car after he was stopped by the police in Cincinnati in September 1989.
He decided to build a dam and water tower in Jeune-Lorette(Wendake) at the outlet of Lac-Saint-Charles and to lay pipe to Quebec.
In the first game, this was a lengthy Pipe Mania-style minigame, whereas in BioShock 2 it is a quick-moving timing puzzle where the player needs to stop a needle on a colored gauge.
Christ Church is known for its music, especially its pipe organs, one of which was donated by Ruth Lilly, and its professional Choir of Men and Boys and Girls' Choir.
ne can pipe a marked block of text through any command line filter using the Through command bound to  by default.
Thread seal tape, also known as plumber's tape or "Teflon tape", film for use in sealing pipe threads
culvert – drain that passes under a road or pathway, may be a pipe or other conduit.
sewer - a pipe conveying sewage.
The organ is described in the National Pipe Organ Register.
The church has a large four-manual pipe organ, much of which is by William Hill & Sons and dates from 1869.
"Unplayed By Human Hands" are the titles of two album recordings made in the mid-1970s of computerized organ performances recorded at the All Saints Church in Pasadena, California on their 90-rank Schlicker pipe organ.
unplayed by human hands - in concert on the ninety-rank schlicker pipe organ - CH 9771
The place-name Stamfordham is first attested in the Pipe Rolls for 1188, where it appears as Stanfordhamn, which roughly translates as 'village at the stony ford'.
Scorpio Rising's sound of the electric guitar used ripped speakers, metal pipe acoustics and vintage film studio recording equipment, while recording Breathing Underwater/Zero for Chapter 22 in Ed's Garage (now a defunct vintage recording studio in Camden Town, London) in 1992.
The Irvine building contains a grand auditorium with a substantial pipe organ given by Cyrus Curtis, and also includes several smaller performance and rehearsal spaces.
The organ was built in 1860 by the Imperial Pipe Organ Company.
The fracture surface showed a mainly brittle surface with striations indicating progressive growth of the crack across the diameter of the pipe.
The instruments mentioned are referenced on the frontispiece: two cherubs are pictured, one playing a pipe organ (possibly with a pedalboard), the other a single-manual harpsichord or clavichord.
Ancillary equipment such as generators, drill collars as well as proprietary tools such as the Hydra-Walkr automated pipe handling system.
During the Battle of Fort Hill on 1 December 1822, a colonist named Matilda Newport is supposed to have repelled an attack by lighting a cannon with an ember from her pipe.
P.E.Society English Medium High School and Junior College(PES) is an English medium school near the Hume Pipe in Thane, a suburb of Mumbai, India.
After the match, Cena struck JBL with the exhaust pipe, causing him to fall through a glass panel that was part of the entrance stage.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in about 1880 by Wadsworth of Manchester.
The lid had a pipe in the centre leading to the conical condensing vessel, which was compartmented inside with perforated divisions to spread the gas to purify it of hydrogen sulphide and ammonia.
 Dave Palmer – Wurlitzer electric piano (1, 2, 6), acoustic piano (4), pipe organ (5, 6), keyboards (7, 9)
Inside the suit is a pipe with a plunger in which a plastic egg (randomly numbered from 1 to 6) is placed and "laid" by Layla.
Oil and chemicals from the pipe mines seep into the ground and into the water supply.
Only Gents toilet facilities were available and the urinal was flushed using water gathered in the building's rainwater pipe.
Slook reveals himself and clandestinely replaces a pistol with a peace pipe which Mill grabs, not realizing what it is.
Most of those imported were the high pipe street scrambler style.
The bike was formally introduced to the Japanese domestic market in December 2003 for model year 2004 as the ST250 and ST250 E-Type, the latter having a higher level of trim, including a two-tone fuel tank, polished engine, chromed exhaust pipe, CDI ignition and a kick starter as well as electric start.
The previous pipe organ was built by Thos.
Each pipe has a hole in its side for filtering the wind and making sound.
The balance of trade between Ukraine and Japan is heavily weighed in favor of Ukraine, with Japan exporting steel pipe and automobiles and importing aluminum and food products.
The wheel then burst through its casing and severed the main fuel pipe, igniting the fuel which was being pumped at 50 gallons (approx.
It ran continuously along the row of benches within the retort house, and each ascension pipe from each retort descended into it.
Second, the liquid seal also provided defense against air being drawn into the hydraulic main: if the main had no liquid within, and a retort was left open with the pipe not shut off, and air were to combine with the gas, the main could explode, along with nearby benches.
The horizontal condenser was an extended foul main with the pipe in a zigzag pattern from end to end of one of the retort-house walls.
For the next 27 years, three to five trains per week made the round trip along just over ten miles (16 km) of track, delivering materials such as steel pipe to the shortline's parent company in Export and lumber to lumber yards in neighboring Murrysville.
The ROEC is fitted with a vent pipe to control odour and insect nuisance.
The internal diameter of the vent pipe depends on the required venting velocity necessary to achieve the recommended ventilation rate of at least 20 m3/h.
A diameter tape (D-tape) is a measuring tape used to estimate the diameter of a cylinder object, typically the stem of a tree or pipe.
The Evens & Howard Fire Brick Company was a manufacturer of fire bricks, sewage pipe and gas retorts in what is now the Cheltenham neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri.
In the center of the platform 27 high-powered jets of water are fed from a central pipe and spray straight up into the air at a height anywhere between eight and 15 feet.
This subheading refers to standard punctuation characters, simple mathematical operators, and symbols like the dollar sign, percent, ampersand, underscore, and pipe.
The rotating mass of crankshaft and pistons have been lightened to improve throttle response, and new carburetors equipped with "Throttle Position Sensors" give the ignition some more data to help control the EXUP  valve in the exhaust pipe.
As an illustrator in New York, Tomaso worked for clients such as Granger Pipe Tobacco and frequently contributed to such periodicals as the Ladies' Home Journal and The Saturday Evening Post.
The group won the World Pipe Band Championship in 1922.
Simple pen and ink drawings on paper and sculptures are made out of everyday materials like twigs, leaves, shoes, pipe, glue, house paint, varnish, mud, and bone.
On board Gazelle, the steam was "howling from escape pipe with a deafening roar."
Mr Banks is blamed by the local authorities for the breach in the gas pipe and fined £13,500 to be paid by the end of the week, “ending on Wednesday”.
The City of Dunedin Pipe Band was formed in 1898, and is the second oldest band in the southern hemisphere drawing its membership from right around the greater Dunedin area, as well as throughout Otago.
The Juvenile band went on in 2013 to win the South Island Juvenile Championships at the Otago Southland Centre Pipe Band Championships.
Mortier is a pipe organ builder.
Lief, Barda and Jasmine resume their quest to reunite the three pieces of the fabled Pirran Pipe.
He then ties him to a pipe and, instead of just leaving him like he usually does in the series, calls for special forces from the O.W.C.A.
It was also one of the most popular rolls that was available in Estey Pipe Organ Roll Collection.
In September 2010, the lake was drawn down approximately  to allow replacement of an aging sewer pipe that traverses the lake, the lowest lake level since 1962 when the original sewer line was installed.
The engine's exhaust was diverted downwards to a long pipe projecting below the platform, and the area surrounding the boiler's stoke hole was surrounded by wire gauze.
Note that if no more code is used after a pipe character, the following lines will retain the same formatting.
In 18th century Europe, it was in fashion to smoke Turkish tobacco in a Turkish pipe, wearing a Turkish robe, all while in an elaborate Turkish costume.
As SS Zaca, the ship operated commercially under the flag of the United States Shipping Board until October 1920, when she was burned out by a ruptured fuel oil pipe in her engine room.
Bill: "We know that things ended well for Gillis, though; his final cover in 1946 showed the young man stretched in a windowsill smoking a pipe and wearing penny loafers, studying at Middlebury College."
Ridden by Timmy Murphy and trained by David Pipe he was the winner of the 2008 John Smith's Grand National at Aintree Racecourse, run on Saturday 5 April 2008.
A few weeks later Murphy won the 2008 Grand National on Comply or Die for trainer David Pipe and owner David Johnson.
He is the son of 15 time champion trainer Martin Pipe.
Pipe began training point to point horses and had great success with 164 winners over 6 seasons.
During his first season, Pipe struck success with Gaspara winning the Imperial Cup and the Fred Winter his first trained winner at the Cheltenham Festival along with a £75,000 bonus.
Pipe has saddled 15 winners at the Cheltenham Festival.
In addition, Pipe has successes on the flat winning the Chester Cup with Mamlook and also winning the Ascot Stakes during Royal Ascot with Junior who later went on to win the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup at the Cheltenham Festival.
David Johnson, a former £9 a week bank clerk who became a multi-millionaire in the finance industry, was a  hugely successful British thoroughbred racehorse owner whose Comply or Die ridden by Timmy Murphy and trained by David Pipe  was the winner of the 2008 John Smith's Grand National at Aintree Racecourse, run on Saturday 5 April 2008.
This led Bischoff to announce a Weapon of Choice match for Taboo Tuesday, where fans would be able to vote on whether a lead pipe, a steel chain, or a steel chair would be legal for use in the match.
Stenius applied to build a water pipe from Helsinki and buy the city's water.
Stenius the city began building a water pipe to Munkkiniemi and in January 1939 the people of Munkkniemi were drinking Helsinki water.
In summer and fall the flower display turns to  black-eyed susans, boneset, goldenrods, grass of parnassus, great blue lobelia, Indian pipe, joe pye weed, milkweed, pokeweed, stiff gentian, and jewel weed.
Generally for cleaning pigs, the cleaning force applied is the mechanical force between the pipe inner wall and the cleaning pig itself.
The brake unit ensures that the travel speed of the pig is much slower than the fluid velocity, thus allowing it to entirely remove deposits from the pipe wall before it travels across the cleaned surface.
Machinery Colours, Safety Colour Code, Pipe Identification Colours.
The general setting of this book is 'the story teller' who sits in a rocking chair in front of the old fireplace, with the 'Little Lady' sitting on his lap as he smokes a pipe and tells the old stories of the Hollow Tree Folk.
On one side (closest to the viewer), the stones are set level, so you can walk up to the pipe, set your bucket on the large stone directly below, and fill your bucket with water.
Pipe flow does not have a free surface which is found in open-channel flow.
Not all flow within a closed conduit is considered pipe flow.
Energy in pipe flow is expressed as head and is defined by the Bernoulli equation.
Pipe flow is subject to frictional losses as defined by the Darcy-Weisbach formula.
The church has the only pure pipe organ in the county.
Robin Kathleen Wright believes it was the introduction of the tobacco pipe into the Haida culture that spawned the first argillite carvings.
Thompson defeated Democratic nominee Michael Pipe 69%–28%.
When Rob collects his dry cleaning, he is splashed by a careless driver and takes revenge by placing a potato in the man's exhaust pipe.
"Study on a Welsh Tune" for Pipe Organ (1953)
The membership represents a variety of professions, including lawyers, doctors, salespeople, business owners, educators, students, analysts, computer professionals, freelance musicians, a former college vice president, a real estate agent, an engineer, a financial planner, and even a pipe organ builder.
In the Carinthian process, used in works established in 1798 by Bergrath Dillinger, a wood-fueled furnace heated a large number of small vertical retorts,  and zinc vapor then dropped through a ceramic pipe into a common condensation chamber below.
Later geothermal heat pumps designs started incorporating an additional plastic pipe loop to circulate water in deep wells in an effort to gather sufficient heat for large industrial applications, such as cement plants.
19th-century renovations include the construction of the choir gallery over the main door where the pipe organ was installed; the remodeling of the screen of the Chapel of the Holy Sacrament and the erection of the gilded iron railings; also the replacement of the entrance doors.
The competition was halted in the middle of the second round when a water pipe burst, flooding the bobrun.
Surplus photocopier lenses from 200 to 300 mm focal length along with PVC pipe components for the tube and lens holder were used to build the copyscope described in the magazine.
Emotional piano chords are also frequently featured, with occasional violin playing and solos as well as the utilization of a number of different instruments including synthesizers, lutes and pipe organs.
The storage vessels can be made from a variety of materials, including corrugated metal pipe, aluminum, steel, plastic, fiberglass, pre-cast or poured-in-place concrete.
Sometimes called the "New Red" tower, it was erected as a stand pipe to augment the "Old Water Tower" on Grand, and help counter the water surge from the new high service pumps at Bissell Point.
People in Veinte de Junio obtain water from wells, pumps and rainwater tanks and the percentage of households with water supplied by pipe was 1.19%; there is no sewerage system.
Mechanical snubbers operate on the standards of restricting acceleration of any pipe movements to a threshold of 0.2 g's, which is the maximum acceleration that the snubber will permit the piping to see.
An all-new exhaust has also been implemented, drawing from the previous years HP4, adding a controlled interference pipe and acoustic valves.
Kaz was legitimately busted open during the match after Williams bashed him in the face with a steel pipe.
In 2010, it was announced that the Curtis LNG Project at Gladstone would process coal-seam gas transported via a 540 km underground pipe from the Surat Basin into liquified natural gas for export.
It can be used to predict pressure drop or flow rate down such a pipe.
A pipe array is installed to improve the design of the greenhouse by decreasing the temperature and increasing the freshwater production.
They studied three options:perforated screen, C-shaped air path, and pipe array, to find a better seawater circuit to cool the environment and produce the most amount of freshwater.
He enlists Indy's help in 1950 when an ancient pipe is stolen from his tribe; a deadly chase through the snowy mountains of Wyoming ensues.
It was believed that the fire was caused by a crewman falling asleep without extinguishing his pipe.
For velocities and pipe diameters above a threshold, actual fluid flow is not laminar but turbulent, leading to larger pressure drops than calculated by the Hagen–Poiseuille equation.
The equation fails in the limit of low viscosity, wide and/or short pipe.
The ratio of length to radius of a pipe should be greater than one forty-eighth of the Reynolds number for the Hagen–Poiseuille law to be valid.
The laminar flow through a pipe of uniform (circular) cross-section is known as Hagen–Poiseuille flow.
Liquid flow through a pipe 
There is no acceleration of liquid in the pipe, and by Newton's first law, there is no net force.
Here, when , Poiseuille flow for circular pipe is recovered and when , plane Poiseuille flow is recovered.
Pipe and tube bender
Grace Potter – vocals (all tracks), guitar (6-9), keyboards (all tracks), Mellotron (4, 6, 8), Hammond organ (all tracks), pipe organ (11)
The Pipe Rock can be found in the Stack of Glencoul region beneath the Moine Thrust Belt, Scotland.
The present sanctuary has had two notable pipe organs in its long history: a 1908 Haskell organ when the building was new; and a highly regarded 3-manual 1957 Aeolian-Skinner organ #1314 which still exists but is only rarely used.
The dam will pipe water through the mountains and create hydroelectric water.
In addition, the related Border pipe traditional of Northern England and Lowland Scotland has undergone a revival.
The statue, however, which depicted a Norwegian pipe blower, turned out well after Dardel had modeled for it, and was made into a porcelain statue at Rörstrand.
The pipe he smoked, bent into a miniature saxophone shape, and the uncrushed black bow tie which he always wore, became his trademarks.
Originally, it was stated that there would be sixteen IFTs placed along the southern border of Mexico and western border of the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
In his musical career, he has worked with artists such as Daddy Yankee, Pipe Calderón, De La Ghetto, Jowell & Randy, Wisin, Don Omar and Ivy Queen.
It is said that he had a pipe which he would smoke during the half time of matches.
A pipe is moved up and down in a hole filled with water (mud).
On downstroke, new mud enters the pipe from beneath and the upper portion is expulsed.
This ranges from a rope over a pulley or a pole, attached to the drill pipe with a rope and used as a lever.
Perhaps the simplest and cheapest of them all is the Baptist well drilling method, which uses lightweight and cheap PVC pipe for most of the drill stem and in which the drill bit doubles as a foot valve.
Later, a man with a smoking pipe sticking up out of his breast pocket, which he turns toward the bodies, watches as Tom and Eve are loaded in a van.
They are also used to deal with emergency situations involving mold outbreaks caused by pipe leaks in buildings.
Rachel hits Charlie with a pipe causing him to seizure, she decides to save his life.
Laying out an exporting pipe line, expanding export facilities and infrastructure sites for the company.
An extremely minimalist design, the main structural element of the aircraft was a length of 5-inch aluminium irrigation pipe.
A short pick-up pipe with a simple wire-mesh strainer reaches to the bottom of the sump.
Boatswain's mates also stand watch on ship's bridges, passing information relating to routine and special activities to the crew with the distinctive boatswain's call or boatswain's pipe.
Later, because its shrill tune could be heard above most of the activity on board, it was used to signal various happenings such as pipe down, and the Side or Away Galley (the boarding or debarking of officials).
Connection fees were between US$29 and US$60, according to the diameter of the pipe.
The pipe organ was replaced in 1982 by an electronic organ made by J. and J. Makin, and in the same year the choir and clergy vestries were converted into a refectory.
A $5,000 pipe organ was installed through the generosity of the Legislature.
Tumi Music is a UK independent record label well known for its Latin American (mainly Cuban), Peruvian music, and pan pipe music.
Alvin Colt, 92, American Tony Award-winning costume designer (On the Town, Guys and Dolls, Pipe Dream, Li'l Abner).
He changed the island's name to "Calumet", a French, colonial-era word often used for a Native American ceremonial pipe, in reference to the island's shape.
The mountain peak, located about  north of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument reaches  in height.
Schmitt had earlier defined this kind of pipe to this particular complex and maintained this position in 1963.
Today, the music is led by a small one-manual pipe organ, which came from the Norwegian Seamen's Church in Leith, Edinburgh in 1987.
Vasari wrote: "From the mouth of this Antaeus he intended that, instead of his spirit, there should pour out through a pipe water in great abundance, as indeed it does."
At the lower end of the park, the stream enters a pipe and remains underground until reaching the river.
After people filled the wetlands and diverted the lower stretch of the creek into a pipe, fish could no longer migrate to and from the Willamette River.
They were predominantly employed in the agricultural role, but were sometimes used for aerial surveillance of pipe lines and power lines.
Plastic pipe is a tubular section, or hollow cylinder, made of plastic.
Plastic pipe systems fulfil a variety of service requirements.
For plastic pipe products, these levels are defined by the different standards.
Two variants are HDPE Pipe (high-density polyethylene) and the more heat resistant PEX (cross-linked polyethylene, also XLPE).
Also for PE pipe material, several studies demonstrated the long track record with expected lifetime of more than 50 years.
Its resistance to low or high temperatures makes PE-RT ideal for a broad range of hot and cold water pipe applications.
Industries and applications select PVDF pipe due to its inert, durable qualities.
PVDF piping specifications and performance characteristics approve PVDF pipe up to  under pressurized system conditions.
The pipe material has the longest track record of all plastic materials.
Due to its long-term strength characteristics, high stiffness and cost effectiveness, uPVC systems account for a large proportion of plastic piping installations and some estimations put it that greater than  of uPVC pipe are currently in service across applications.
Plastic pipe materials have always been classified on the basis of long-term pressure testing.
After correct installation, pipe deflection remains limited but it will continue to some extent for a while.
This means that further deflection in time depends on the settlement of the soil around the pipe.
The thermoplastic behavior of the pipe material is such that the induced stresses are relaxing to a low level.
This means that when a rigid pipe is subject to excessive loading, it will reach the limit for stress values more quickly and break.
Later, Kazuyaki falls and is hung with a pipe and chain.
Many nonexclusionary discrimination cases involve the failure to provide equal access to services and facilities, such as purposely delaying or completely forgoing fixing a broken pipe.
There is also a pipe that leads from the main pool to the river which is bunged during winter to maintain the water levels for wintering wildfowl.
When Javier criticizes Fury for smoking a pipe, Fury remarks that James once made similar reproaches.
Bottled oxygen can be added to the firing chamber, though this can cause an explosion of the pipe when firing, potentially injuring anyone nearby.
Brass: Often brass fittings are used on spud guns for small parts of the construction like fuel systems, because it is one of the most common materials for small pipe fittings.
The exception to this is steel pipe, the ends of which can have the appropriate thread cut into them.
The jiggle pump consists of a chamber, in line with the end of the pipe that sits in the liquid to be moved.
This causes the pressure in the pipe to drop below the hydrostatic pressure in the container, so the sphere is lifted upwards, allowing the liquid to flow.
When the burglar tries to escape, Yvan knocks him over by throwing a metal pipe at him.
Today, Tacoma Rail trains traverse the steep slopes of the Tacoma Eastern gulch bound for Fredrickson with carloads of lumber, aluminum, steel pipe, heavy machinery and grain.
Recorded on time period pipe organ, one located in the Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral, and a second located at the Museum-House of the Marqués de Sobremonte, where "Música en la casa del Marqués de Sobremonte" had previously been recorded (SQI-4031).
A metal pipe is seen leading from it into the neighbouring .
 Lucille La Verne	as Lady with Pipe (uncredited)
A large pipe organ at the rear of the church was operational until the 2000s.
On the upward return stroke, the steam on top was transferred through a pipe to the underside of the piston ready to be condensed for the downward stroke.
Georges Montalba was the pseudonym used by pipe organist Robert Hunter (April 14, 1929 – September 10, 2001), a resident of Glendale, California, United States.
Razorworks' final project was a remake of Empire Interactive's classic puzzle game Pipe Mania.
Facebook uses this protocol in its Pipe application
Known as Pipe Stave Landing, the property was advantageous for landing goods from his merchant ships.
2 reached a depth of 2,518 feet at which point the drill pipe twisted off and blocked the hole.
Fibre washers are one of the cheapest conformal elastomer gaskets for sealing pipe unions and general plumbing work.
During the 1886–87 period, an alcove was added behind the chancel for a pipe organ, carpet and pew cushions were put in, and stained glass windows were installed.
Dili tuiduk image, showing a pipe with four finger holes and the reed tongue (cut into the instrument's body).
The pipe organ is a Mascioni (Opus 696) manufactured in 1953.
For the Ropers' 24th wedding anniversary in 1977, Mildred gives George a pipe and tobacco as a present.
The lamps incorporate heat pipe technology designed to extend the life of the product, by cooling the LED emitters.
A good example is of a pipe flow with a symmetric obstacle in the flow.
Concert programmes included all masterpieces by Johan Sebastian Bach ever written for pipe organ.
The construction included 15,000 cubic metre of concrete, 1,600 units of steel structures,  of pipe,  of cables.
It had a billiard room, pipe organ, ladies parlor, ballroom, and lodge rooms.
This outfall, built in 1975, discharges untreated wastewater through a pipe with a diameter of 2.4m and a length of 4,775m at a depth of 27m.
One means to reduce IR signature is to have a non-circular tail pipe (a slit shape) to minimize the exhaust cross-sectional volume and maximize the mixing of hot exhaust with cool ambient air (see Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk).
In 1975, heating for the steel-hulled ship, which was delivered from land via steam pipe, cost the institute $40,000 per year.
Otto Hofmann (December 9, 1918 – May 12, 2001) was a pipe organ builder and the first American president of the International Society of Organbuilders.
This art piece was primarily made of 18-carat rose gold and of the finest 18-carat palladium white gold in rod and pipe form, as well as gold wire and leaves.
Thumping bass, big guitar chords, Rock and Roll drumming and of course the twin hendrixs of fiddle and pipe giving the unique Wolfstone sound."
In August of the same year they made their first appearance at the World Pipe Band Championships and gained entry into the grade one final, having achieved second place among fourteen bands in the morning qualifying round.
Douglas Murray became Pipe Major in July 2013 after Andrew Mathieson stepped down, citing time constraints as a result of increasing family commitments and his work with the junior band.
The band received its first placing in a Major championship when in 2011 it was placed 6th in the Scottish Pipe Band Championships.
A creek had to be bypassed with a  long pipe.
Each graphics pipe consists of a 128 MB SGI VPro V12 graphics card.
The company expanded into the primary and secondary metallurgical products market, offering a diversified product range that included steel pipe and tube; bimetallic wire, strand and strip; steel bars and plates; solder and skiving, and employed thousands at multiple facilities in the United States, Canada, Japan and Britain.
He is also active as a consultant on the design and construction of pipe organs.
A mysterious yet sage man who frequently smokes from a long pipe, he is suggested, like Ophelia, to bear some connection to Escalus.
The spring rises in a granite basin set in a concrete floor, and is captured in a pipe which extends to the bottling house.
In 2011, a project was undertaken to contain the free flowing water and  a wooden water pipe was discovered on the site.
He also grew tobacco, for he was a moderately heavy pipe smoker, curing it using a method he had developed from observing the tobacco industries at Havana and Rhodesia.
Heating of canned meat items was often accomplished by inserting the can into the exhaust of a running truck where it would jam into the curved exhaust pipe end, warming it to a palatable temperature and de-congealing the grease.
However, Steiner countered by hitting Joe in the head with a steel pipe while the referee was distracted by Khan.
Rio participated in X-Trail Jam seven times and received the "Highest Air" award in the quarter pipe event in 2003, recording a 5.40m jump, and again in 2004, recording a 5.20m jump.
Pipe tobacco and cigar tobacco often came from overseas, so the war disrupted their availability.
However similar with what was depicted in the film, in the real-life Ley also committed suicide by strangling himself until death with a noose that was made by his towel and was fastened to the toilet pipe in his prison cell.
Guards throw Travis into an old boiler pipe overnight, attack remaining prisoners, and handcuff each man across the cell doors.
A gathering that attracts pipe bands from all over Australia and includes massed bands, dancing and a street parade.
Archaeological excavations reveal the presence of a lead water pipe bearing the inscription "ner.
The core of the porcelain is made up of a metal pipe with holes through which water flows out and is collected.
The fire hoses were kept under guard, and eventually replaced with metal pipe as soldiers would constantly make holes in it to get at the water inside.
It is a very simple trap, made from four main components: a bamboo pipe, a piece of wood, a nail and a small arms cartridge.
And oaten pipe, wheare Fame her trompet ringes.
This section lists mass murders where the perpetrator used only hand grenades or comparable explosive devices, like pipe bombs or dynamite sticks, for the attack.
Orbital welding is a specialized area of welding whereby the arc is rotated mechanically through 360° (180 degrees in double up welding) around a static workpiece, an object such as a pipe, in a continuous process.
With smaller diameter pipe or tubing, it is usually necessary to section open the coupon to examine the weld bead.
These weld heads allow the torch to be positioned very precisely and ensure that the pipe is held securely.
Evidence of the continued Scottish influence is seen in the continuing traditions of Highland games and pipe bands, especially in Natal.
He was also a lens-grinder, stonecutter, button maker, tinsmith, printer, pipe fitter, joiner, and blacksmith.
The pipe is Polybutylene.
Speedfit uses plastic pipe support inserts.
The pipe end should be square so it sits against the stop in the fitting and does not cause turbulence.
Hepworth pipe has always had this feature, for example.
When fully inserted this lines up with bulges in the fitting so that if you rotate the pipe in the fitting it 'rumbles'.
 "The Jeweled Pipe of Persia" (1920)
The most common ramp setup, used as well by MegaRamp, is a sequence of three mega ramp sections; a roll-in, a gap jump, and a vert quarter pipe.
The third section is almost invariably a quarter pipe.
Danny Way thought up the now common "MegaRamp" setup, a specific type of giant ramp arrangement consisting of the roll-in ramp, the gap jumps, and the final quarter pipe ramp.
Black Leg : Joints of pipe racked back in the derrick.
Dope: A thick lubricant used on pipe connections.
Elevator: A hinged mechanism that is closed around the drill pipe, or other tubular components, to facilitate lowering them into or lifting them out of the wellbore.
A common method which involves deploying a wireline device to estimate the depth at which the pipe string is stuck.
Joint: A length of pipe.
Mouse hole: A hole on the drilling rig floor used to hold the next joint of pipe to be added to the drill string.
Pull past Martin-Decker: Exert extreme tension on stuck pipe, so much so that the pointer needle revolves off-scale beyond the logo of a popular manufacturer of weight indicators, Martin-Decker.
Over the years, the stream washed away the fill above the pipe, exposing it to possible damage.
Some of the most notable of these transactions completed in the depths of the credit crunch include Apollo Management's acquisition of the Citigroup Loan Portfolio (2008) and TPG Capital's PIPE investment in Washington Mutual (2008).
It held 48 percent of the cold-rolled sheet market, 44 percent of the small-diameter pipe market, and 38 percent of the galvanized-sheet market in 1995.
To prevent stray voltage from causing excess corrosion, ceramic insulators are inserted between the pipe segments at some places.
On the rear end they are fitted with a plastic circlet, preventing friction against walls of the pipe and a soft plastic skirt, sealing air behind the capsule.
The mine collapse was said to have been caused by a gas pipe explosion.
Pipe storage is a new device-side type in OpenCL 2.2 that is useful for FPGA implementations by making connectivity size and type known at compile time, enabling efficient device-scope communication between kernels.
Cautiously, the worm sticks his head out of the exhaust pipe, but the cat instantly dives for him.
However, when he comes to the pipe, Foghorn can't resist pushing the handle.
The Whittaker Chamber Farm is located a few miles north of Westminster and is roughly bounded by East Saw Mill Road to the southwest and Pipe Creek to the northeast.
He then began to buy what became the Pipe Creek Farm as his retreat from Communism, remote from possible Soviet retaliation.
The project is opposed by Whittaker Chambers' son, who has bought back the farmstead of the Pipe Creek Farm to reform the full farm.
Gina hears the water leaking once more and goes to the attic to investigate where she finds Stefan, dead, with his head smashed onto a pipe.
The pipe organ was donated by Enoch Pratt and is a Niemann instrument.
St. Thomas Episcopal Church in Philadelphia becomes the first black church in the country to purchase a pipe organ, and the first to hire a black female organist, Ann Appo.
Later this year, Frederick Converse's Iolan, Or, the Pipe of Desire becomes the first American opera to be performed at the Metropolitan Opera.
Waller will play a major role in jazz, and will be the first in that field to "master both the pipe organ and the Hammond organ".
Through a resource reservation procedure transmission capacity is booked for a flow on each link it traverses during the time frame (or time frames) predefined for its forwarding, thus setting up a synchronous virtual pipe (SVP).
Most of chapters 1.2 through 1.4 follow the progress of this rumour, starting with HCE's encounter with "a cad with a pipe."
The great pipe organ was moved to the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist, the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław.
The church pipe organ was built by Isaac Abbott of Leeds in 1876.
However, Cwjmem retains the Daw values for Njua and adds a pipe (|) to the left of kab etc.
The venue boasts a pipe organ, designed and built by John Compton, which is particularly highly regarded by The Cinema Organ Society.
Nussbaum taught himself to make pipe bombs.
and "Gasworks Pipe Bridge", the name being for the town gas, chiefly methane, produced by the treatment of coal and its less congealed coke form in particular.
The church features a large pipe organ by Danish builder Christensen, built in 1985, in a mixed baroque-romantic style.
Scott Armstrong and Paul Grier, Strategic Defense Initiative: Splendid Defense or Pipe Dream?, (New York:  Foreign Policy Association, 1986).
The front set exhausted through the smokebox and the rear set exhausted first through a feedwater heater in the tender and then to the open air through a large pipe, which can be seen in the photo.
This was because Henderson had calculated that a conventional blast pipe utilizing steam exhausted from the low-pressure cylinders would have been inadequate to provide a sufficient draft until the locomotive was in motion.
He grew up in a family of pipe players, and his older brothers played the clarinet.
His last Broadway role was as Dr. Ormondy in the 1955 production of Pipe Dream.
Currently the College has three competitive pipe bands.
In 2014 The College of Piping will be sending their grade 3 and 4 to Scotland to compete at The World Pipe Band Championships.
The Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ at the Sanfilippo Victorian Palace, Farrington Hills, Illinois, USA.
Fieser said that he, at the time, smoked Larks and occasionally a pipe.
Such a position presented itself in the shape of a nearby koppie, which concealed a diamond-bearing blue ground pipe.
This project included a six-inch plastic water pipe line 21 kilometers long connected this reservoir to Dera.
Elevators, as developed for the drilling industry, are a hinged device with handles that are used to wrap around the tool joint of drill pipe, casing or lift nipples (for collars) to facilitate the lifting or lowering of them singly or of the drill string as a whole.
Upstream of Camino del Avion, which runs east-west, it again enters a concrete pipe and is carried underneath the road to a small pond.
Heyl & Patterson's North Side manufacturing plant closed in 1970, and was eventually sold to Schneider, Inc., a pipe and sheet metal fabricator.
Drill floor (#21) is the area on the rig where the tools are located to make the connections of the drill pipe, bottom hole assembly, tools and bit.
Flow line (#28) is large diameter pipe that is attached to the bell nipple and extends to the shale shakers to facilitate the flow of drilling fluid back to the mud tanks.
Setback (#17) is a part of the drill floor (#21) where the stands of drill pipe are stood upright.
Stand (#16) is a section of 2 or 3 joints of drill pipe connected and stood upright in the derrick.
Vibrating hose (#6) is a flexible, high pressure hose (similar to the kelly hose) that connects the mud pump to the stand pipe.
The town saw its heyday in the 1930s when the Saspamco plant by the same name could produce 120 tons of sewer pipe a day.
Judgement Against SASPAMCO Pipe Company
The 1893 Austin pipe organ Opus No.
The Chapel's furniture and pipe organs will be renovated as well.
 Pipe Dreams, Figure 8 (Rova Saxophone Quartet x 2) (1994)
1985 pipe failure disaster
The report found no evidence that the accident was caused by a specific action on the day of the pipe failure.
C & C Construction left over 10,000 feet of 6-inch and 10-inch insulated pipe, a 325 GPM water softener, sewage plant equipment, 72-ton reinforcing steel and miscellaneous other items on the base.
421.13 Vessel flutes (without distinct beak) 	The body of the pipe is not tubular but vessel-shaped
422.2 	Single reed instruments - The pipe has a single 'reed' consisting of a percussion lamella.
The Conductor pipe is the first string of casing and is the largest diameter casing to be installed in a well.
Conductor pipe is typically set, on petroleum wells, before any drilling operations are performed.
A Bell nipple is a section of large diameter pipe fitted to the top of the blowout preventers that the flow line attaches to via a side outlet, to allow the drilling fluid to flow back over the shale shakers to the mud tanks.
Most rolling cutter and fixed cutter drill bits have internal passages to direct drilling fluid, conveyed by the drill pipe from surface pumps, through hydraulic nozzles directed at the bottom of the wellbore to produce high velocity fluid jets that assist in cleaning the old cuttings off the bottom before the next tooth contacts the rock.
Shand had been a smoker all his life and was seldom seen without his pipe in his mouth.
Unlike the preceding synth-driven mini-album, the album used instruments such as piano, lap steel, hammond organ, pipe organ, mellotron and a live string quartet.
The Verve Pipe members
At the time of the fire, Opus 345, a typical William Johnson tracker pipe organ of about 18 ranks (Pictured) was being installed at the First Baptist Church of Penn Yan, New York.
Main pipe racks generally transfer material between equipment and storage or utility areas.
Pipe racks carry process and utility piping and may also include instrument and cable trays as well as equipment mounted over all of these.
Tripping pipe (or "Making a round trip" or simply "Making a trip") is the physical act of pulling the drill string out of the wellbore and then running it back in.
When feasible the driller will start each successive trip on a different "break" so that after several trips fresh pipe dope will have been applied (when running back in the hole) to every segment of the drill string.
Though there are many problems that occur to warrant the tripping of pipe.
It is important to get the pipe out of the wellbore quickly and safely before it can snap.
This may happen if the drill string below is pinched in the wellbore, or as the result of a structural weakening of the pipe caused by a washout or a crack in a threaded connection member.
Extra care is taken when tripping for one so that too much pull does not cause the cracked pipe to snap.
Most trips for a cracked pipe are not complete trips like a fishing trip or a bit trip.
In 1929, Mizzou athletic director Chester M. Brewer, along with the Mystical Seven, began the tradition of smoking the Tiger–Sooner Peace Pipe at halftime of the annual Missouri–Oklahoma football game.
The society of the winning university would return the peace pipe to its university until the next meeting of the two teams.
With the pipe still missing, the traditional exchange was replaced by a piece of slate from MU's Memorial Union, as both Missouri and Oklahoma have a Memorial Union.
The ladder became hooked on the automobiles exhaust pipe and lifted the vehicle's rear end and threw it out of control.
They consist of a steel pipe, an insulating layer, and an outer casing.
16’ - ¾” PVC pipe
In the summer of 1977 two "rather petite inmates" who wanted to stay in the same cell beat their way through the brick wall between them, ripped sinks from the wall, broke windows, pulled a radiator out of the floor, tore up beds, and beat guards with a lead pipe.
He also designed  the first  altar  and choir loft,  replaced the canvas windows with glass, and installed a pipe organ.
The chapel offers regular services, as well as music of pipe organ.
In the no boost position the vanes block exhaust gasses from acting on the impeller and route them down the exhaust pipe.
The Germans threatened to throw grenades down into the sewer chamber and, as the escapees could not reverse back up the sewer pipe, they were forced to surrender.
While at the J. J. Walworth Company, he developed his pipe wrench.
Niobium is used in the steel of gas pipe lines due to the alloy's high strength and low corrosion rate.
The deep collectors may consist of open ditches or buried pipe lines.
 Barnard 59, AKA Pipe Nebula
Long closed to traffic, the bridge still carries a large pipe across the structure.
In a piece written in 2011, remembering back to the 1950s and '60s, Paul E. Brogan wrote that "the Capitol Theatre still bore signs of the elegance and lushness that had earned it acclaim when it opened, replete with a pipe organ and stage presentations before the film."
On June 22, 1962, using a pipe left near some construction work, Valachi bludgeoned an inmate to death who he had mistaken for Joseph DiPalermo, a Mafia member who he believed had been contracted to kill him.
The regiment maintained a mounted pipe band from 1895 to 1902.
Today, below the middle pool are the remains of the British pump station that took the water by pipe to the Old City of Jerusalem.
An early example of this usage of the word "queen" in modern mainstream literature occurs in the 1933 novel The Young and the Evil by Charles Henri Ford and Parker Tyler: "While waiting Karel wet his hair and put his handkerchief smeared with mascara behind a pipe.
ROHR2 is a pipe stress analysis CAE system from SIGMA Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH, based in Unna, Germany.
From the year 2000 onwards, the complete licensing and sales activities came under the management of SIGMA Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH; which by then evolved into an engineering company specializing in pipe engineering, as well as a software development firm.
Quoting directly from PIPE International's PPC-1's Blog, substantial capacity will be available on the submarine cable network:
On 19 December 2008, it was reported that a "realignment of payments" was organised between PIPE, its PPC-1 customers, and Tyco Telecom, the primary contractor on the project.
"On 1 December 2008 PIPE Networks announced that given the unacceptable delays in the credit approval process, the Board of PPC-1 (Bermuda) Ltd had decided to withdraw from proposed arrangements with those financiers."
These differences are determined by structural differences (such as depth of groundwater table and location of wells from consumption centers) and politically determined differences (such as pipe replacement policies and the extent of efforts going into groundwater protection).
In 2010, the band's first year in Grade 1, they placed 8th in the Scottish Championships, 7th in the British Championships, 8th in the European Championships, 8th and 9th for 9th overall at the World Pipe Band Championships, and 5th at the Cowal Championships.
This circular hole attached with a pipe made from hollow stem of gongum (Cochlospermum religiosum), gopid (Lannea coromandelica) or bamboo (Bambusa arundinacea).
Fishes along with falling water enters through pipe and falls into the dhundka.
Mechanical closures then intercepted and sealed the pipe, preventing the explosive shock wave from damaging the targets.
In 1929 the various small producers merged to become the Amalgamated Brick and Pipe Company.
Both bands merged to form a single band and was later renamed the Royal Hong Kong Police Pipe Band.
The band has 84 members, made up of 60 from the Silver Band (regular ceremonial band) and 24 from the Pipe Band.
In 1997, the band registered with the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association to enter competitions.
His grandson, George Looks Twice said, "He was comfortable praying with this pipe and his rosary, and participated in Mass and Lakota ceremonies on a regular basis".
Performers spin and toss the beona into the air by using a tobacco pipe or a long wooden stick while exchanging witty talks with a clown called maehossi (매호씨) or sorikkun (소리꾼).
Jala basti (aka 'Vati basti') cleans the colon by sucking water into the anus through a pipe.
The US Army Corps of Engineers in Vicksburg, Mississippi (1981) experimented with a number of confining systems, from plastic pipe mats, to slotted aluminum sheets to prefabricated polymeric systems called sand grids and then, cellular confinement systems.
In 1936 an electric organ replaced the original pipe organ.
Moller pipe organ After a few early renovations, and the collapse of the higher original steeple, it has remained largely intact since 1892, although there have been continuing issues with one of the walls.
When the current church was built, Henry Erben, who had built the pipe organs at the First Reformed Church in Albany and St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, was hired to build the new Dutch Church's organ.
Water 4 ft deep washed over the deck and flooded his electric generator, when it came into the ketch through an exhaust pipe on the deck.
The stove is connected by ventilating stove pipe to a suitable flue, which will fill with hot combustion gases once the fuel is ignited.
This is to prevent a reversal of venting in which very hot flue gasses are exhausted through a (usually PVC) air intake pipe, which could lead to a structure fire and/or hot flue gasses being released into the structure.
Bigger rocket stoves are connected to chimney or flue-exhaust pipe.
Fourteen thousand dollars (today $) of the costs were raised by the Ladies Auxiliary, which also purchased a new Austin pipe organ for the sanctuary at a cost of $5,000 (today $).
The water is pumped up 1,100 feet through nearly two miles of four-inch galvanized pipe water up a steep mountainside to Cange.
At the time a defective sewage pipe was considered the probable source of the infection, but in later years Corfield revised his view and felt that contaminated food or drink consumed at lunch at a shooting party was a more likely cause.
The Valkyrie pipe is a diatreme in northern Alberta, Canada.
A second tank was erected near the pumping station, but after consideration, the cost of replacing the pipe with a  one was not thought to be justified.
His pipe pictures, also created in Paris, show methods similar to Cézanne.
The title match ended in a no contest when Triple H interfered and struck Austin with a Steel pipe.
The JD-03 pipe formed by an explosive eruption when this part of Nunavut was volcanically active.
Those quarters were reached by a hatch in the forecastle deck and a hatch in the berth deck led to a wash room and toilet and four additional steel pipe berths.
The Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band otherwise known as The Callies is an organisation with two bands.
The Hamilton Caledonian Pipe Band was originally formed as the South Auckland Caledonian Society in 1925, from an earlier organisation established in 1917.
The Band won the B Grade national contest at Palmerston North in 1938 under Pipe Major Sam Clothier.
In February 1942, he was living in Columbus, Ohio, and working for the Universal Concrete Pipe Company there.
The pipe had been tampered with in order to make the part appear within specifications.
There are variations to these standard forms; for instance, the popular song "Frosty the Snowman" describes a snowman being decorated with a corncob pipe, button nose, coal eyes and an old silk hat (usually depicted as a top hat).
Investigations revealed that the construction works destabilised the soil, rupturing an underground water pipe.
Hist took several hits, including some near its engine room, and Hornet took a disabling shot to its main steam pipe, severely scalding three men, at least one of which died.
MD 84 begins at an intersection with MD 75 (Green Valley Road) just north of Little Pipe Creek north of the town of New Windsor.
The two would finally face off at OVW's Riot Act 2010 event where Josie lost the OVW women's title to CJ Lane after being hit with a lead pipe.
Dave Stewart appears as the caterpillar at the beginning, sitting on a mushroom with a hookah water pipe while playing a sitar.
The Legend pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada.
The Dragon pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada.
The church's pipe organ was built in 1883 by W.K.
The large space accommodated 500 people and was, like the first floor chambers, floored in inlaid cork, with limestone walls and a pipe organ.
When the policemen and the others gather there, Hari escapes from the van by means of the sewage pipe and gets into the public.
Drill pipe, is hollow, thin-walled, steel or aluminium alloy piping that is used on drilling rigs.
Eventually the drill pipe will be graded as scrap and marked with a red band.
The drill string consists of both drill pipe and the bottom hole assembly (BHA), which is the tubular portion closest to the bit.
The drill stem includes the entire drill string, plus the kelly that imparts rotation and torque to the drill pipe at the top.
The green tubes are received by the drill pipe manufacturer from the steel mill.
According to Nelson, the explosion had "ripped through administrative offices and a conference room, torn a hole in the ceiling, blown out windows, ruptured a water pipe and buckled a wall."
He used tartar emetic to produce vomiting in patients with food poisoning, jimson weed smoked in a pipe for asthma and sassafras root tea as a "purifier of blood."
For this, the pipe had to be longer than 100 km.
Other groups that Katz worked with include Tripsichord Music Box and a group from Seattle originally named West Coast Natural Gas, which Katz renamed Indian Puddin' and Pipe.
The expedition continued down the Mississippi stopping at Sioux villages to smoke the pipe of peace.
By 1876, more than 45 miles of water pipe, ranging from 6 to 24 inches in diameter had been installed throughout the city.
 Danieli Centro Tube (seamless pipe plants)
At first, the solar field was planned larger but in the end it consists of a field of about  of mirrors (the parabolic collectors) that concentrate sunlight onto  of pipe carrying the molten salt fluid.
A floodgate, designed to close in emergencies to isolate the plant's "wet well" from the deep pipe feeding sewage to the plant, was powered by the overloaded generator.
Another variation is filling a barrel with concrete and putting the PVC pipe through the barrel such that it cannot be accessed without first destroying all of the concrete.
The western of these crosses the Sudbury River, and consists of a steel pipe  in length that is built over the river as an arch mounted on stone abutments ; the eastern one crosses Happy Hollow and under Massachusetts Route 126, and is  long.
April 1971: Pipe bombs found at the embassies of Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos in Washington, D.C.
July 1996: Washington State Militia leader John Pitner and seven others are arrested on weapons and explosives charges in connection with a plot to build pipe bombs for a confrontation with the federal government.
Investigators say a 20-year-old Ohio man now in FBI custody wanted to set off pipe bombs at the U.S. Capitol as a way of supporting ISIS.
The Chapel also contains a pipe organ by Wells Kennedy organ builders of Lisburn.
The result of this project was a 30,000-liter tank and 6,000 meters of pipe that helped distribute this water within a two-kilometer radius.
At where Hume Pipe Company factory was located is now Hume Avenue.
Trapped in blocks of ice, Batman and Robin learned Zero's plan to steal a large collection of gems and using their cages as weapons, Batman broke a steam pipe in Zero's hideout, causing steam to fill the entire place, melting the ice away and apparently curing Zero from his ailment.
A large amount of pottery, three pieces of burned bone and a fragment of a bronze ligula (small Roman spoon) were found in the spoil cast up from a pipe trench being laid.
He waved his pipe and moved on."
The console was placed on a lift in the centre of the stage, and the pipe chambers directly above the stage.
The band has had mixed success in competitions, but under the direction of Pipe Major Michael Giles had become successful in the Grade Three circuit in Alberta in the years leading up to the regimental centennial in 2010.
Members of the 1st Battalion Pipe Band were trained soldiers.
In the mid-1990s, official funding as a separate unit was cut to military pipe bands throughout Canada, as the end of the Cold War caused a major reassessment of defence spending in NATO countries.
While reference to "the Band" is usually clearly understood, use of same is officially discouraged because in military parlance, a "band" consists of brass/reed instruments, as distinct from a pipe and drum band.
Don Maxwell was awarded the MMM for his service as Pipe Major, a rare award for a military musician; membership in the Order of Military Merit is restricted to one-tenth of one percent of the population of the entire Canadian Forces.
In 2015, an explosion occurred at the Formosa Plastics Group refinery in Taiwan due to hydrogen leaking from a pipe.
But, the net effect can be a greater reduction of pollutant emissions and effluents than treating each stack or pipe as an independent entity.
He does, and McDonagh later plants the pipe at the murder scene of the Senegal family.
'This fountain has a globe-like shape, with a diameter of 12 ft 6 in (3.81 m) and comprises 211 radially arranged "stalks" fitted to a hollow metal globe, itself placed on top of a brass pipe column with a length of 10 ft (3.05 m) and a diameter of 4 in.
A pipe organ was installed in 1932, reconstructed in 1945 and destroyed during the 1951 hurricane.
The company completed a buyback of the TPG's PIPE convertible in 2000 and would ultimately be acquired by UnitedHealth Group in 2004.
 A spun pipe caster for Staveley Iron Works under licence
The whistle tip is a small metal plate with a central hole that is welded into the inner tip of the exhaust pipe.
The low position of the blast pipe in the larger smokebox at the front of the boiler is the least visible feature of the Einheitslokomotiven.
She is unimpressed with him at first when he gets even with a driver who splashed his suit earlier, by putting a potato in the driver's exhaust pipe, but Roxy soon sees another dimension to Rob.
The North German baroque organ in Örgryte Nya Kyrka is a pipe organ in Gothenburg.
guard duties for cable and pipe laying projects
Another object PVC is used in is pipe production.
Coleman Bridge is a historic Ball-patent pipe pony truss bridge in Windsor, Massachusetts.
In 1978, a pipe bomb, wrapped in a package, exploded in a sorting room at the Terminal Annex, slightly injuring six postal workers.
A broken water supply pipe provided a mud bath that a number of people jumped in, but people realized that the sun would bake the mud into a hard cover, so they stopped.
Riopelle built the original prototype with PVC pipe and lasers, and later refined it with Todor Fay and Melissa Jordan Grey.
On Swedish television he made a name for himself after he smoked a pipe that he claimed contained hashish during a national broadcast.
Opposite, to the north, are more pews, one of the organ's pipe banks.
At the time of its sinking, it was the world's largest dynamically positioned flexible fall pipe rock dumping vessel.
If activated, the water from reservoir number 3 flows from the dam number 1 gatehouse down the Sudbury Aqueduct extension pipe to a gatehouse at Farm Pond where it enters the Sudbury Aqueduct proper which in turn brings the water to the Chestnut Hill Reservoir.
1, and a  pipe connected to the Ashland Reservoir.
Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band
There are a number of different types of room dividers such as cubicle partitions, pipe and drape screens, shoji screens, and walls.
The SSU detector was a flake of tri-glycine sulphate attached to the end of a conical gold-plated nickel pipe.
It includes the villages of Hill Ridware, Rake End, Pipe Ridware and Blithbury, all of which lie between the River Trent and a small tributary, the River Blithe.
The -story wood-frame house was built sometime between 1875 and 1880 for Samuel Pierce, owner of the nearby Pierce Organ Pipe Factory.
 MACRIS Listing - Pierce Organ Pipe Factory
The Crash Boat Beach pier / dock was originally built with fuel pipe that pumped aircraft grade fuel for Ramey Air Force Base.
Anderton's consulting room was notable for its clouds of smoke from his pipe.
For example, a person who drinks excessive amounts of alcohol might have a bottle of liquor placed in front of her, and a marijuana addict, a pipe.
The town also boasts a successful senior pipe band.
The next act is playing the organ pipe, but the sea lion can't do it right.
Until such a time, he supported allowing network owners to control what sites consumers view, saying, in May 2007, "When you control the pipe you should be able to get profit from your investment".
The Organ Reform Movement or Orgelbewegung (also called the Organ Revival Movement) was a mid-20th-century trend in pipe organ building, originating in Germany.
Saskatchewan-based sculptor Clint Neufeld's solo exhibition Pipe Dreams of Madame Récamier, off-site at General Hardware Contemporary, ran from January 10 to March 3, 2013.
The Lords held that because the quantities of water from an ordinary pipe is not dangerous or unnatural in the course of things, the council was not liable.
Huré was proud of her independence in a field dominated by men, and she was frequently seen smoking a pipe.
Using a pipe as a snorkel to walk on the sea floor to the boat.
FS-391, a Design 381 (Vessel, Supply, Diesel, Steel, 177') U.S. Army Freight and Supply vessel, was launched in 1944 by United States Concrete Pipe Corp. of Los Angeles, California and commissioned at Los Angeles on 28 July 1944.
Aromatic fire-cured smoking tobacco is dark leaf, a robust variety of tobacco used as a condimental for pipe blends.
Cavendish can be produced out of any tobacco type but is usually one of or a blend of; Kentucky, Virginia, and Burley and is most commonly used for pipe tobacco and cigars.
The green leaves are dried and shredded into small flakes which are smoked through a pipe called a medwakh.
Many of the early brands of cigarettes were made mostly or entirely of Oriental tobacco (like Murad, Fatima...); today, its main use is in blends of pipe and especially cigarette tobacco (a typical American cigarette is a blend of bright Virginia, burley and Oriental).
White Burley, as it was later called, became the main component in chewing tobacco, American blend pipe tobacco, and American-style cigarettes.
Some types of plug may either be chewed or smoked in a tobacco pipe, and some are exclusive to one method of consumption or the other.
During this time, the Katies opened for bands like The Verve Pipe and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
The detector was connected by a steel pipe to the indicator dial below ground in the protected monitoring post.
Outside of operations the BPI pipe was protected by a screw on cap and there was a drain valve at the base of the instrument to remove any excess rainwater.
When built, the theater had its own pipe organ and house orchestra.
The few tuyas in the region, such as Gage Hill, Hyalo Ridge, McLeod Hill and Mosquito Mound, were formed when magma intruded into and melted a vertical pipe in the overlying glacial ice.
Several restaurants in the area offer outdoors water pipe smoking, and shops offer expensive agarwood for sale.
It is prized among pipe tobacco blenders for this quality.
Eastern North American tribes have historically carried tobacco in pouches as a readily accepted trade item, as well as smoking it in pipe ceremonies, whether for sacred ceremonies or those to seal a treaty or agreement.
The Yarra River Trail crosses the Merri Creek here, passes under the Eastern Freeway and starts a long gradual up hill climb to Melbourne Polytechnic, before crossing the Yarra river at the pedestrian Pipe bridge at the Fairfield boathouse.
The meter was connected by a heavy duty cable to an ionisation chamber mounted onto a telescopic rod that was fed up a probe pipe in the ceiling of the monitoring post so that the probe was above ground.
As opposed to other characters who smoke cigarettes, Paul smokes a pipe.
While a hard link to the node Wikipedia would look like [Wikipedia], the pipe link allows the author a greater degree of freedom without restricting what nodes can be linked to.
For example, the pipe link [Wiki (thing)|Wiki] links directly to the writeup of the type thing within the Wiki node.
Pipe links on E2 often add "easter egg" content, such as commentary, humor and hidden information.
Fuel gas pipe easement.
The constant pressure of a pipe organ makes it sound rather dull, although a skilled player may approximate the effect by a judicious use of the swell pedal.
However, when Jack orders Ricky to stand guard with a lead pipe, Ricky finds himself unable to hit a police officer who approaches and disrupts the robbery, thus leaving it to Charlie to knock out the officer.
In 2010 a group from TerraPower applied for patent EP 2324480 A1 following WO2010019199A1 "Heat pipe nuclear fission deflagration wave reactor cooling".
Created on July 2006 with the support of the Italian artisans G&P and patented by Nicola Gomirato, it is a strange and unique instrument made of six caffettiera and a brass pipe.
The fruit of the organ pipe cactus (S. thurberi, called ool by the Seris) is the pitaya dulce "sweet pitaya".
All coupes come standard with a rear lip-spoiler, while EX models have round chrome finish on the exhaust pipe.
 (1853–1915), pipe organ builder
In order to maintain flow, an external force must be applied, such as a pressure difference between the ends of the pipe.
The items included items such as  of iron conduit pipe,   of paper towels and toilet tissue, and  of canned hominy.
The specification for the organ, regarded as one of the finest in Lincolnshire, can be found at the National Pipe Organ Register
On 11 June 1941, Iowan departed Los Angeles with a cargo of  of steel and iron pipe destined for San Francisco; Portland, Oregon; and Seattle, on her last voyage before she was to be handed over to the United States Maritime Commission.
Pipe organs that are tuned in meantone temperament are very rare in North America.
Restoring everything except the original theater-size forty-rank pipe organ (which remains today behind the walls of the  living room), the Field family replaced all the electrical wiring and plumbing and modernized the kitchens and bathrooms before moving into the estate.
Baron Ambrosia is the President of the Bronx Pipe Smoking Society which holds an annual small game dinner in the Bronx.
The building is built largely of steel-reinforced concrete except for the roof, which is a steel pipe space-truss structure.
Entries in pipe rolls of the 13th and 14th centuries show that bream, pike, and eels were supplied from the vivarium to the Castle and sometimes to the royal household.
Kanti Bhairab Hume Pipe Pvt Ltd
The boiler was pitched higher, and the double steam dome was done away with, along with its connecting pipe.
They were used for lighting, heating, and cooking, typically being supplied to households through pipe distribution systems.
Unusually for a New Zealand church, it contains two pipe organs, a large Hill, Norman, & Beard one installed in 1931 and extensively refurbished in 1974, and a smaller oak-case instrument originally installed in a church in Christchurch.
On top of the barrel was an exhaust pipe, equipped with a valve and attached to the bottom of the barrel.
As the mixture of crude oil and gas spewed from a release pipe, the young man hurled a burning sack onto the mixture, igniting the fuel and sending flames  into the air.
The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
9 nominations: Damn Yankees and Pipe Dream 
A pipe organ was installed in 1898 by Conacher and enlarged in 1933.
Several pieces of the legendary pipe are truly sacred for a lot of islanders.
Three British agents assemble them only to find that Ali-Bey’s pipe was actually much shorter than it was believed.
Escaping liquids create an acoustic signal as they pass through a hole in the pipe.
The water in the toilet bowl is connected to a pipe shaped like an upside-down U.
Sewer gas escapes through a vent pipe attached to the sewer line.
West Avenal was launched in October 1918 by the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California, and delivered to the US Navy when she was completed in February 1919.
West Avenal (Western Pipe and Steel No.
The first cement was produced in 1926 and supplied to Hume Pipe Company of Melbourne.
3.Vayuja - us born when air is passed through narrow pipe like instruments.
In 1886, Casavant Frères began constructing a new 32-foot pipe organ at the church, completing it in 1891.
The caliber was determined by the weight of the projectile rather than on the diameter of the pipe.
Enlarged balance pipe installed between exhausts.
"The Road to the Isles" is a famous tune composed by Pipe Major John McLellan DCM which was originally called ‘The Bens of Jura’, though it previously had other titles.
As a result, a scientist devised a buoyant, magnetized pipe filled with styrofoam which any helicopter pilot could tow easily.
The two men then covered the bodies with vegetation, and stuffed their bodies between the slab rocks before hiding the girls' blood-soaked swimsuits in a nearby muddy drainage pipe.
The only child of Arthur and Anne Walsh, his father was a pipe fitter who later ran a small thermal engineering company, and his mother was a housewife.
In The Road to Wigan Pier, for example, Orwell examines working-class life in detail; the scene in 1984, where Winson observes a Prole woman hanging out her washing echoes the earlier book, where Orwell watches a woman, in the back area of a slum dwelling, attempting to clear a drain pipe with a stick.
The church has a pipe organ by Ingram built in 1914.
The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
Marine photographer Staff Sergeant Lou Lowery accompanied the patrol and photographed the Marines and Navy corpsmen climbing to the top of Mount Suribachi, the Marines tying the flag on the pipe, and the men around the flagstaff after it was raised.
After drilling out from under the surface pipe, they encountered their first good gas kick at , which was flared to the pit.
Richlands crew showed their ingenuity in "robbing" Mount 21, 20 mmm gun, of its cooling well to provide a section of pipe since the ship's allowance list did not contain any spares.
This is basically a sudden enlargement in the pipe, which causes the water velocity to decrease and so enables any bubbles of gas to be collected in a small chamber fitted with a float-operated alarm switch.
The original internal staircase was made from jarrah, with galvanised iron pipe handrailings leading to a look-out.
Also the restoration of the woodwork by Alan Pipe and Albert Dixon."
He has also been involved in PIPE deals.
The church pipe organ was built by Gray and Davison in 1867.
The church has a small pipe organ by Porritt of Leicester, which was restored and revoiced by the late Peter Collins 2012–2014.
It is discharged into the atmosphere through an exhaust pipe or flue gas stack.
These subglacial eruptions were not hot enough to melt a vertical pipe right through the overlying glacial ice, instead forming mounds of hydrated volcanic rock made up of volcanic fragments called hyaloclastite and lava that solidified into pillow-shaped masses called pillow lava deep beneath the glacial ice field.
The Tahltan Eagle has significant spiritual and cultural importance to the Tahltan people, while the correct name and cultural significance of Pipe Organ Mountain to the Tahltan people is unknown.
The organ at Notre Dame Church was built in 1916 by the Casavant Frères Pipe Organ Company of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Opus 649.
De Negri also pierced one of Ricci's eyes with the cut fingers, smashed his teeth and head with a pipe wrench, and "washed" his brain with dog shampoo.
Double-Q (voiced by Tony Jay), now simply called "the Chief" in these shorts, is a Cape buffalo with a sour cherry-scented calabash pipe.
NFG could thereby purchase huge quantities of cheaper summer gas from the southwest, pipe it to its New York storage fields, inject it into the ground, then retrieve it when demand and prices rose in the winter months.
 Pipe Dream (by LucasArts), written by Eric Geyser
There is currently a two manual pipe organ by William Andrews.
At the Rivoli, Swinnen specialized in lengthy improvisations during silent films using theater organs - massive pipe organs with a variety of sound effects and percussion sounds.
If a pipe or hose were to break (rupture), the flow rate of the rupture valve will surpass a set limit and mechanically stop the outlet flow of hydraulic fluid, thus stopping the plunger and the car in the down direction.
Since a large amount of kinetic energy is not desirable at the impeller outlet, an arrangement is made in the design to convert the kinetic energy of the liquid to pressure energy before the liquid enters the discharge pipe.
 Rick Wakeman – Mander pipe organ, Hammond C3 organ, 9' Steinway grand piano, RMI Electra piano, Hohner clavinet, Moog synthesizer, Baldwin electric harpsichord, upright honky-tonk piano, Fender Rhodes 88 electric piano, Mellotron, Godwin organ with Sisme Rotary-Cabinet, Systech effects pedals
The construction of the second pipe of the Učka tunnel officially began in December 2020 and will last until July 2023.
The National Pipe Organ Register lists the organ to be a three manual instrument built by F. Rothwell of Harrow.
Over a hundred years later, a class steel pipe truss bridge was built at the site in 1875 to replace the previous one.
Pipe Dreams, released February 10, 2009, appeared on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart at #30 on February 28, 2009.
Little Six gave his pipe to Colonel McLaren and a letter and small valise for his wife.
The St. Peter's players presented him with a walking stick, a pipe and a tobacco pouch.
The Peragallo Pipe Organ Company of Paterson, New Jersey, United States, was founded in 1918 by John Peragallo Sr., who, prior to founding the company, apprenticed with the E.M. Skinner Organ Company (now Aeolian-Skinner).
The company builds, tunes, and repairs pipe organs, and is notable for being the curator of the organ at St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York, as well as a restorer at the Church of St. Paul the Apostle (New York City), and the organbuilder for St. Barnabas' Church (Bronx, New York).
John Peragallo Jr. (1932–2008) was the president of the Peragallo Pipe Organ Company.
The English recorded that the foremost warrior among the Virginia Indians was bearing a bow and arrow in one hand, and a pipe with tobacco in the other, to signify the choice of war or peace.
Carpenter is also noted for his advocacy of the digital organ, particularly development of a touring electronic organ, citing factors such as the obstacles the pipe organ imposes on the ability of a traveling performer to enjoy an ongoing relationship with a single instrument in the same manner as many other instrumentalists.
Later, he graduated from the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague, where he studied the pipe organ under Jiří Reinberger to become an organ player in a church.
The organ is believed to be the oldest pipe organ in Minnesota in regular use.
The Drybones Bay kimberlite pipe is a diamondiferous diatreme in the Slave craton of the Northwest Territories, Canada.
K6 pipe is a diamondiferous diatreme in the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field of Northern Alberta, Canada.
K19 pipe is a diatreme in the southwestern part of the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field in Northern Alberta, Canada.
A renovation of the 1802 rectory and addition of a pipe organ to the sanctuary was completed in the 1980s.
Before the pipe organ was installed in the gallery in 1933, the church could seat 700 people.
A 1973 untitled painted steel pipe sculpture at the University of St. Thomas (Houston, Texas) owned by the Menil Collection
The Cullinan kimberlite pipe is the second largest indicated diamond resource in the world by in-situ value.
On July 9, 1985 Benson placed a pipe bomb in the family car, in which Margaret, Scott, and Steven's sister, Carol Lynn Benson Kendall (a former Miss Florida runner-up), were waiting for Benson to join them when the Chevrolet Suburban exploded.
On keyboard instruments such as the piano and pipe organ, finger substitution is the changing of the fingers on a key without releasing that key, so as to prepare the fingers for notes or chords which will follow.
Routledge, 2004 ,  During the 19th century, the pipe organ practice of finger substitution was transferred to the piano; pianist-composers such as Beethoven and Chopin used finger substitution to make their melodies "sing" in a more sustained fashion.
Golf clubs were made from tree limbs of plastic pipe, or a croquet mallet.
Vapor produced by a heat gun needs to be cooled by running it through a water pipe or cooling chamber before inhalation.
The service is designed to allow named pipe connections but may be used by attackers to remotely gather information about the system.
Contemporary: Hopoakan meaning pipe for smoking.
A bank that sounds at unison pitch when keys are depressed is called 8′ (pronounced "eight-foot") pitch: alluding to the length of the lowest-sounding organ pipe in that rank, which is approximately eight feet.
Most accordions have automatic or preset switches, similar to voice selection on an electronic keyboard, or (more precisely) to a preset combination action in a pipe organ.
As yet, no substitute barrels have been found, but a 19mm-long, 13mm diameter pipe or dowel would probably suffice.
To remove them cut at the top of the curved pipe at the base of the exhaust baffle and slide down to free them from the clip.
Mario and Luigi are able to sneak out of Bowser's body together via warp pipe into Toad Town, where physician Dr. Toadley tells them they must gather the three Star Cures in order to create the Miracle Cure, a magical medicinal object that will cure the Blorbs and destroy the barricade.
In 2020, archaeologists unearthed a pipe at a dig in Central Washington state, showing chemical evidence that a Native American tribe had smoked Rhus glabra either alone or in a blend with tobacco, perhaps "for its medicinal qualities and to improve the flavor of smoke."
The company they work for, the Haulage & HazMat Emergency Civil Freebooting Company is hired by Jorgmund to deal with power failures and a fire that has broken out on the Jorgmund pipe itself, endangering the "backbone" of their world and their very existence.
When Leatherface arrives on the scene, the trucker throws a pipe wrench at him, causing him to fall backwards and cut into his leg with his own chainsaw.
While loading, the ship was hit by a gust of wind and the cargo pipe carrying was jerked away from the hold.
A loading arm permits the transfer of liquid or liquefied gas from one tank to another through an articulated pipe system consisting of rigid piping and swivel joints to obtain flexibility.
Most communities have avoided customer pipe replacement due to the high cost.
In response to the Flint water crisis, EPA published revisions to the LCR on January 15, 2021 addressing testing, pipe replacement and related issues.
Indeed, in the London Public Record Office is an entry relating to William Shakespeare's unpaid tax, and carrying the annotation 'Ep (iscop)o Winton (ensi)' (to the Bishop of Winchester) – (*The Public Record Office, Exchequer, Lord Treasurers Remembrancer, Pipe Rolls, E.372/444, m. Dated 6 October 1600.)
After initially hinting it would be in Lorain, they decided to go with Avon because, rumor was they were not happy with the stadium Lorain was offering them, which is now known as The Pipe Yard.
Ideal molecules have a high molecular weight, shear degradation resistance, are quick to dissolve in whatever is in the pipe, and have low degradation in heat, light, chemicals, and biological areas.
Drag is higher in smaller diameter pipe.
Increasing the pressure will increase flow and reduce drag, but is limited by the maximum pressure rating of the pipe.
As the bunches will travel many millions of kilometers (considering that they will be moving at near the speed of light for many hours), any residual gas in the beam pipe will result in many, many collisions.
Minor damage was reported during this earthquake, including fallen light objects, a damaged ventilation pipe and fractures in plaster.
Nonetheless, a person might binge for 3 or more days without sleep, while inhaling hits from a pipe.
On a sanding tower a telescopic pipe was hooked up to the sandbox, the lock released and the locomotive sandbox filled as required.
Adolph Christiernin bought the property in 1759 and continued clay pipe production until 1766.
As a result, the soldiers of the FEB called themselves Cobras Fumantes (literally, Smoking Snakes) and wore a divisional shoulder patch that showed a snake smoking a pipe.
Typically, microphones or acoustic sound sensors are placed in contact with the pipe, at two or more points, to record the sound emitted by a leak (e.g.
Many standard pipe sizes have known speeds of sound which can be used for the calculation.
The occupiers attacked police with pipe bombs and rocks and the incident rapidly escalated, with protestors arriving from other cities and officials calling in riot police.
It was during this battle that Jardine was struck in the thigh by a piece of lead pipe fired from a cannon, which caused a compound fracture, an injury from which he never fully recovered.
He climbs to the top of the tree, often using a ladder, uses a sharp knife or chisel to trim the bowl to remove surface crust and open the pores, and hoists a bucket into place beneath a pipe or channel leading from the bowl.
He began the consultancy wing of Kerala Water Authority called Wascon and mooted the bottled water plant and pipe factory.
Suction Valve - It is a non-return type valve installed on the suction pipe and helps to flow from reservoir to pump not the vice versa.
Later the extruded clay pipe was developed.
Specialised mole ploughs are available that can form the hole, insert the perforated pipe (and gravel if required), all in one simultaneous and continuous process.
The pipe and gravel go down apertures in the plough blade as the tractor proceeds along the desired route.
 The foot rests were made from pipe rather than a single stamping.
 Hendrickson Organ Company, a manufacturer of pipe organs
More details on National Pipe Organ Register.
Landfills: In a case that TELC handled on behalf of the Oakville Community Action Group, the court revoked a permit for expansion of the Industrial Pipe landfill, which looms over the predominantly African-American community of Oakville in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana.
Soon pick up Pipe and 'Comadreja', he suffered diarrhea so he had flatulences.
Meanwhile, Comadreja and Pipe being in the cafeteria joke making believe that the storekeeper that Comadreja is a Latin guy who has lived in the United States, to speak in English.
During the trip Pipe in his wheelchair adventure travel is towed to the van and the gang arrives at a vacant lot near the airport.
By this means the west part of the works were drained to the level of the pipe, and the remaining water was pumped out at an average rate of  per hour by a Cornish beam engine brought down from the Severn Tunnel works.
The pipe carrying the cargo was jerked away from the hold when the ship was hit by a gust of wind.
Avoiding the use of Standard Oil's pipe line system, they started using tankers to get their oil to the East Coast.
A description of what remains from the old town includes a pond fed by a pipe that brings water from the nearby Pilot Range, a group of trees in an otherwise barren desert, and various everyday items left by the former residents.
 My Home (traditional pipe tune)
Tiny Tears was sold in a pink-and-white checked dress or a romper with a baby bottle and a small pipe that blew bubbles when filled with a soapy solution and inserted into the doll's open mouth.
As the building was being completed, an organ builder arrived to install a pipe organ.
In 1847, he decided to accept only construction contracts that could be finished by the fall so that he could close his construction business and devote all of his time to the building of pipe organs.
Steiner notably spared using his lead pipe on his protégé, Petey Williams, who backed off as soon as he saw him.
This equation is used both for open channel flow as well as in pipe flows.
In case of high-pressure pipe flows, when gravitational effects can be neglected, ΔE is equal to the loss Δ(p+½ρv2):
As a result, there is flow separation, creating recirculating separation zones at the entrance of the narrower pipe.
with A3 the cross-sectional area at the location of strongest main flow contraction 3, and A2 the cross-sectional area of the narrower part of the pipe.
For a sudden expansion in a pipe, see the figure above, the Borda–Carnot equation can be derived from mass- and momentum conservation of the flow.
| style="text-align:left;" |  Charlie Pipe
A  pipe fitter on disability, Bruce Whitelaw focused on senior care, saying that it was an issue that, "lit my fire.... We’re not maintaining their dignity."
In 1881, the second organ was in a bad state of repair and was sold and replaced by a three manual pipe organ built by Hele and Co. of Plymouth.
In 1950, Roger Yates of Michaelstow cleaned all the pipe work, and added the Swell Tremolo, the Pedal 4' Nachthorn, and the pneumatic relay to enable the Pedal Quint to be derived from the Bourdon/Bass Flute rank.
Among the prison's inmates, it houses or housed prisoners such as the serial killer Jack Unterweger; the letter and pipe bomb terrorist Franz Fuchs; the six-time murderer Udo Proksch; the suspected serial killer Wolfgang Ott; and the terrorist Tawfik Ben Chaovali, who was involved in the Rome and Vienna airport attacks.
When the original, custom-made Wurlitzer organ installed in the choir loft had deteriorated beyond repair, a specially-designed 54-rank pipe organ was installed in its place.
 Insulation - pipe, cavity wall, external wall, dry lining and loft
The ore body surrounds the Braden Pipe in a continuous ring with a width of 2000 feet.
Units A and B of the power plant have horizontal pipe turbines and the generators are "in the bulb".
They pipe in railroad radio audio on 106.9 MHz so visitors can listen to the radio traffic on FM radios.
Lincoln and Bellick return to place a pipe through the tunnel just before the water is turned back on.
With the exception of one engine, all the locomotives were give a second steam dome with a connecting pipe.
Its Chicago Tube & Iron subsidiary is a distributor of steel tubing, pipe, bar, valves & fittings, and fabricates pressure parts.
After a reading period of five minutes, air was admitted to the top area of the pipe.
As soon as the pump was disconnected, the evacuating of the pipe stopped and the water level became calm again, enabling people to take a reading.
A narrower pipe was used, made of polycarbonate and the instrument was named the ‘Bert Bolle Wasserbarometer’ after the Dutch record holder.
Other attempts to copy the instrument have floundered due to the use of inferior material, a lack of constant supervision, pollution of the pipe system and other factors reducing durability.
The San Francisco Police Department Park Station bombing occurred on February 16, 1970, when a pipe bomb filled with shrapnel detonated on the ledge of a window at the San Francisco Police Department's Upper Haight Park substation.
As he reaches Puerto Angel and cannot find her at the brothel, he finally remembers that Ula got killed when Kufard let his dog loose on her, which led Dante to beat the dog to near death with a pipe, who was then turned into a cyborg.
Two years later, high pressure pipe fabricator Lacroix Lucaero became a part of Daher Group.
The locomotives had a boiler barrel, made from two shells, as well as two steam domes, which were linked by an internal connecting pipe.
These machines were also given a second steam dome and a connecting pipe between the domes.
Bagpiping and pipe bands
The conduit ran in an underground lead pipe from a spring on the hillside above the village of North Hinksey, beneath Seacourt Stream and the River Thames, to a building at Carfax in the centre of Oxford.
The 1130 pipe roll informs us that Lucy had paid King Henry I 500 marks after her last husband's death for the right not to have to remarry.
The pipe organ was installed in 1856 by Willem Hardoff.
The whole interior including the 18th century pipe organ by Louis Delhaye II was lost.
According to Hassidic legend, Dovbush at one time hid in the house of Baal Shem Tov and gave him his pipe as a token of friendship.
World Pipe Band Championships
This means that a pipe or tank can continue to be in operation whilst maintenance or modifications are being done to it.
Oxygen-enriched atmospheres in the presence of hydrocarbons which may be present either in the atmosphere or deposited on the inside surface of the equipment or pipe.
Based on the above, welding on equipment or pipe which contains hazardous substances or conditions as listed below (even in small quantities) shall not be performed unless positive evidence has been obtained that welding/hot tapping can be applied safely.
The line stopper is hydraulically or mechanically pushed into the line to seal the pipe.
Used oil field 11.75-inch pipe was acquired for the prototypes.
In the World Pipe Band Championships of 1979, competing against 260 other bands, they won both the "Piping and Marching" and "Discipline" trophies, improving on their 1978 placings of second and first respectively in those categories.
On the lower floor of the bridge, which was once probably three stories high, a  corridor served to verify the density of the overlying water pipe in antiquity.
The M114 was similar to a pipe bomb, it had a  tube with a diameter of .
Pants were plain white with a red pipe down the outer leg sides.
[6] The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Sara and Therese crawls down the pipe to the lake but Felix catches up with Therese and kills her off screen.
Nicholson reached the semi-final of the PDPA Players Championship Barnsley 2, defeating Gary Mawson, Mark Dudbridge, John MaGowan, Justin Pipe and Denis Ovens before losing out to Colin Osborne, the eventual winner.
It is manufactured by National rifles division of the Indian Hume Pipe Co. Ltd of Ahmedabad, India.
The remaining survivors (Biker Queen, Tat Girl, Tit Girl, Secrets, Bartender, Slasher and Greg, now with a pipe lodged in his head) are then attacked by monsters on the roof of the building that they are hiding on.
Secrets is insane with grief and savagely attacks the Slasher/monster hybrid, killing him with the same pipe that was lodged in Greg's head.
As the aluminium sulphate broke down it produced several tonnes of sulphuric acid which "stripped a cocktail of chemicals from the pipe networks as well as lead and copper piping in people's homes."
£3000 was invested in a mortgage at 5% return in the freehold of a ten-acre brick field near Pontefract, “with the engine-house, sheds, brick and pipe kilns, and buildings thereon, and all fixtures and fittings thereon.” £2000 was invested on mortgages at 5% in four small freehold houses, including a shop, in Salford, Lancashire.
Human activity in Denshaw continued in the Bronze Age, as demonstrated by the discovery of a palstave on Wall Green in 1932, when a trench was being dug for a water pipe, and some tools from Denshaw Moor, on the site of the proposed wind farm, which include a ceremonial flint dagger.
Dedication of the church's pipe organ took place August 31, 1930.
Nearly half (46%) of rural house connections were connected to a pipe sewerage system in 2002.
Three days prior to stopping, the machine mined through a hollow, 8-inch steel well-casing and pipe used to measure groundwater in 2002 around Alaskan Way, which was drilled as part of the planning phases of the project.
The same year as the wooden dam, Pacific Power and Light Company constructed a hydroelectric plant at the foot of the lake and installed its draw pipe pulling fifteen cubic feet per second of water to generate electricity.
The Gray family controlled essentially all ranching operations in the Organ Pipe National Monument area, including Aguajita Spring, Alamo Canyon Ranch, Bonita Well Line Camp, Bull Pasture, Cement Tank, Dos Lomitas Ranch, Dowling Ranch, Gachado Line Camp, Hocker Well, Pozo Nuevo Line Camp, Pozo Salado or Salt Well, Red Tanks Well, Wild Horse Tank and Williams Spring.
The ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
In March 1673, for instance, he and John Wedgewood were charged with seizing any person who violated an order allowing new residents to cut 1,000 white oak pipe staves within a year.
He defeated on form Justin Pipe 2–0 at the World Grand Prix 2011, he went on to reach the Quarter finals losing to eventual runner up Brendan Dolan
The inner stainless steel layer of typical residential CSST is .2 to .3 mm thick while the wall thickness of typical residential “black iron” gas pipe is 3 to 4 mm thick.
Some believe that CSST is more likely to be pierced by lightning than “black iron” pipe.
The church has a two-manual pipe organ by Hele & Co dating from 1889.
After the war, he became a warehouse foreman for the Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company.
He enjoyed smoking cigarettes and had been a pipe smoker.
Her instrument of choice was a Wurlitzer pipe organ.
A skypan is usually confined to studio work and rigged up to a scaffold or ceiling-mounted pipe grid.
Solitaire is a large deep-sea pipe laying ship.
The church has a pipe organ by E. Wragg & Son.
The church has a pipe organ by Ernest Wragg and Son installed in 1924.
Once again, the city installed a snorkel pipe to prevent further access.
Well Chief was a German-bred race horse who was trained in Britain by David Pipe and owned by David Johnson.
A former basketball player and the president of the BFB league, James loves sphere-shaped things such as bubbles and Haruka's Lunar-bust, and is often seen blowing bubbles out of a pipe.
Shannon, Stockham Pipe Fitting Co.
Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia have such a non-cigarette tax(es), Pennsylvania being the sole exception, with no cigar tax at all (though it considers small cigars to be cigarettes for taxation purposes) and the last to impose taxes for smokeless and pipe tobaccos in 2016.
In South Africa, hookah, colloquially known as a hubbly bubbly or an okka pipe, is popular.
An option was considered for Algol to cause an "off site brawl" while on a pipe chair, but was unused.
"Batavianization" of the Lenape tobacco pipe, from hoopookum or hupoken.
He was first trained by his breeder, Eithne C Holdsworth, in Co. Kilkenny and then by Martin Pipe.
It is sometimes described as a "drone pipe," but musicologists classify it as an aerophone.
1956 – Pneumatic broadacre air seeder –  lightweight air seeder uses a spinning distributor, blew the seeds through a pipe into the plating tynes.
The Faure Museum is installed in a villa of Italian style,  The Villa des Chimères (Villa of the Pipe Dreams).
The brothers reportedly tried a variety of business ventures, originally focusing on a pipe line business.
He was an apprentice pipe fitter in Missouri then moved to Chicago, Illinois.
It is one of the world's largest pipe organs.
On April 21, 1999, a federal grand jury charged Chemetco Inc., Feron, and five of his employees with violating the United States Clean Water Act for using an illegal secret discharge pipe to deliberately pump hazardous waste water contaminated with various pollutants and industrial waste including cadmium, lead and zinc into Long Lake (Illinois), a tributary of the Mississippi River.
The pitch of each pipe is adjusted with beeswax; usually nais are tuned in G for Romanian folk music, or in C for classical.
The very next day, Chisnall won the third title of his season at the sixth Players Championship event with a 6–4 success over Justin Pipe in the final.
Chisnall played the slow-paced Justin Pipe in the semi-finals and struggled for rhythm early on as he trailed 2–1.
The church has a pipe organ dating from 1884 by Forster and Andrews.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1872.
The church has a pipe organ by James Jepson Binns.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1865.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1864.
The church has a pipe organ by William Hill dating from 1889.
The church does not have a pipe organ but instead has an electric one at the west end of the nave.
Its specification is on the National Pipe Organ Register.
A specification of the church organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
In August 2009, the Lower Main Street was nearly blown-up when a severed gas pipe was discovered in an alleyway.
The church Originally had a small pipe organ by Bevington, which was added to at the end of the 1800s by Lewis.
Edward hit Sullivan from behind with what may have been a length of iron pipe, knocking him to the floor.
The officials however ignore his warnings, and a worker is killed when a drop of methyl isocyanate leaking from a pipe lands on his arm.
Water is used as a solution to dissolve the salt or halite deposits so that they can be extracted by pipe to an evaporation process, which results in a brine or dry product for sale or use.
One of Müller's earlier attempts at competitive snowboarding came in 1999, when he entered the Chiquita quarter pipe competition in Arosa.
Friederich Stellwagen (baptized 7 February 1603 – buried 2 March 1660) was a pipe organ builder active in the region of northeast Germany between Hamburg and Stralsund in the mid 17th century.
At the challenge, each team is tied to the end of a long rope that is wrapped around a pipe.
It then was a heated debate against those that used expensive modelling programs and those that went out to do the same thing with inexpensive tools purchased at a hardware store such as pvc pipe and bits of string.
The Municipality administers an area of 12.09 km2 and supplies potable water to the city through underground pipe line.
In 2001, CR placed first at the Core Games quarter pipe in Japan and podiumed at the Big Air Winter X Games in Mount Snow, Vermont.
Think of Graham and Dodd as embodying the spirit of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, who declared:  'Blest are those/Whose blood and judgement are so well commingled,/that they are not a pipe for Fortune's finger/to sound what stop she please.'"
The company retained its cigar, pipe tobacco, fine-cut tobacco businesses.
Charles Frederick Lloyd was a pipe organ builder in Nottingham, England, who flourished between 1909 and 1928.
A new 3 manual Lammermuir pipe organ was installed.
His  evocative portrait of Hugh Hefner,  the smoke from Hef's pipe forming a group of writhing bodies, hung in the Playboy mansion in Chicago.
He comfortably beat world number four Gary Anderson, Vincent van der Voort and Justin Pipe to reach the semi-finals for the second successive year and the second successive major event.
Brindley & Foster was a pipe organ builder based in Sheffield who flourished between 1854 and 1939.
Compton worked primarily on electric-action pipe organs and electronic organs.
The pipe organ department was sold to Rushworth and Dreaper; the electronic department became Makin Organs.
Fannie De Grasse Black was instructor of pipe organ.
All shells related to Bourne shell (namely: sh, bash, and ksh) allow the stdout and stderr to be attached to a named pipe and redirected to the  tee command.
It rose to , and featured a corncob pipe, a carrot nose, and two eyes made out of beer bottles.
A 51-foot-tall cartoon outlined in metal pipe depicting Roosevelt astride a rearing horse.
The central instruments in a photo player were a piano and percussion; some machines also added pipe organs and methods for manually creating sound effects.
He then moved to Invergordon in 1966, and played with the Invergordon Distillery Pipe Band for two years, until it was disbanded in 1967.
When they arrive in America, George says goodbye to the sailors, and is then taken to the man's house, where he has a meal, smokes a pipe, and then goes to bed.
Beds 1-4 were laid out in a grid fashion around a north/south pipe.
The firm is focused on leveraged buyout, growth capital and PIPE investments in small cap and middle-market companies.
The capture vehicle was lowered and raised on a pipe string similar to those used on oil drilling rigs.
The CL exhaust pipe and heat shield were chrome.
An Olszewski tube is a pipe designed to bring oxygen-poor water from the bottom of a lake to the top.
The outlet part of the pipe is installed under lake level in order for the device to act as a siphon.
After smoking the ceremonial pipe, an agreement was made.
In the early 1970s he appeared as a bodyguard in a TV commercial for St Bruno pipe tobacco, a role which he reprised in a spoof advert for "Butch" tobacco in Kitten Kong, an episode of the BBC series The Goodies.
A pipe organ was obtained from Germany in the early 1890s.
In addition to streaming Sacred Classics on the internet, the program's website also maintained a widely consulted ranking of the world's largest pipe organs, based on independently researched and verified specifications.
 Self Portrait of Sipping Pipe, 1977
The exhaust pipe, below the rear of the gondola, was covered with metal gauze and pointed downwards to minimise the fire risk.
May 25: The pipe lay barge LB300 (owned by Transcostal Off Shore) was attacked a few hundred meters off the Sangana community coastline, near the Aunty Juli Platform.
The Cathedral Organ, built by the Schantz Organ Company of Orville, Ohio, is a four manual 71-rank pipe organ.
Horrified, the POWs knew that not one single pipe would pass such a test and realised that they would be shot in no less than 20 minutes.
Though water buckets were once kept on the stage and in the rigging loft and though a two and a half inch () water pipe still serviced a fire hose backstage, none of these facilities were readily available.
He championed the beauty of the symphonic sound of the pipe organ during an era when it was aggressively criticized by the "musically correct" of the period.
In his will, Tillie had instructed that he should not be buried, but dressed in his best clothes, bound to a stout chair and placed with his books, wine and pipe in the vault of the mausoleum.
The Electrical Installation program includes electrical theory and codes; reading of blueprints and schematics; low voltage (8 Volts to 24 Volts) bell and intercom systems; 120 to 240 Volt single-phase and three-phase systems; pipe bending; service work (electrical panels, meter pans; proper grounding and bonding.)
Externally this installation was characterised by a tall, inline vertical stack of exhausts, unlike the single sloping pipe of the L88a.
Other notable works by Rae at this time included Big Feet & the Islay Pipe Band.
The pipe organ casing was made in 1936 in Šentvid near Ljubljana.
 Marc Seguin, France, first French locomotive engineer; independent inventor of the fire-tube boiler and blast pipe
Most houses of worships made do with a pitch pipe, or with a cello or bass viol.
Ross shoots Jensen when he attempts to impale Yang on a pipe.
To clear the market, the market manager solves a linear program in which the decision variables are the gas to accept from each supplier, the flow of gas on each pipe segment, and how much gas to provide to each distributor.
He played the pipe and tambour at weddings and on other festive occasions.
Also during this period, isolated ranches and small Mormon settlements were established at Short Creek (now Colorado City), Pipe Spring, Beaver Dam and neighboring Littlefield, and Lee's Ferry, all in the area between the Utah border and the Grand Canyon known as the Arizona Strip.
Equipment was so sparse on the island that initially the goals consisted of garbage cans and parking gate fences until nets were constructed from PVC pipe and fishing net, items readily available on the island.
During the Depression of 1873–79, the production of cigars, pipe, chewing and snuff tobacco in the United States mostly stagnated; however, the cigarette production, on the contrary, took off from 28 million in 1873—to 371 million in 1879.
Brake pipe pressure is set to 70 lbs.
Combustion products exiting the chambers discharged through the single stage turbine before entering a rapidly converging annular exhaust terminated by a circular tail pipe.
Being musically gifted too (he was related to the composers William Henry Monk and Henry Gauntlett), he was an organist at the Hongo Central Church, which boasted Japan's biggest pipe organ at the time.
 Martin Pipe – Travel Mystery (1989), Olympian (1993), Blowing Wind (1998), Polar Red (2002), Korelo (2003), Medison (2005)
This second phase would involve establishing infrastructure to pipe the gas and associated liquids from Camisea to the Lima area and to liquefy 17 million cubic meters per day of gas for exports to NAFTA and possibly to Chile.
Chappaz's last published book before his death was La Pipe qui prie et fume, in 2008.
Variant C creates a named pipe, over which it can push URLs for downloadable payloads to other infected hosts on a local area network.
Georges Détré, who was flying the older machine (racing no.1), completed only eight circuits before a broken oil pipe forced him to abandon the race.
For ticketed matches, they are joined by the Clan MacNaughton pipe band, who provide a guard of honour as teams walk onto the pitch.
The UN attribute this progress to increased water pipe systems, highlighting the importance of domestic policy.
The place-name 'Rawreth' is first attested in the Pipe Rolls for 1177, where it appears as Raggerea.
A rubber fuel hose connected the assembly with a fuel gun, which was a pipe 114-cm long, fitted with a valve at the muzzle, operated with a handle.
In July 2012 Megger acquired SebaKMT specialising in power cable fault location and testing, and pipe leakage detection.
The Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Kuni Kawauchi – pipe organ
The introduction of the Hardy Cross method for analyzing pipe flow networks revolutionized municipal water supply design.
In November 1936, Cross applied the same geometric method to solving pipe network flow distribution problems, and published a paper called "Analysis of flow in networks of conduits or conductors."
The Hardy Cross method assumes that the flow going in and out of the system is known and that the pipe length, diameter, roughness and other key characteristics are also known or can be assumed.
Guess the flows in each pipe, making sure that the total in flow is equal to the total out flow at each junction.
If the method is followed correctly, the proper flow in each pipe can still be found if small mathematical errors are consistently made in the process.
Consider the example of a simple pipe flow network shown at the right.
The head losses in each pipe are determined.
Looped systems may have a larger pipe that runs throughout a building and ties back to itself near the start, with smaller branches reaching out from this 'loop'.
- Onshore pipe fabrication and onsite works
 Martin Pipe – Terao (1997), Majadou (1999), Dark Stranger (2000), Blowing Wind (2002)
In June 2008, it published two further reports that built on the themes in Pipe Dreams: 'A Framework for Evaluating the Value of Next Generation Broadband' and 'Models for efficient and effective public sector intervention in next generation broadband access infrastructure'.
The new weapons featured in the game includes the sawn-off shotgun, assault shotgun, pool cues, grenade launchers and pipe bombs.
After surface indications (e.g., pressure reaching a predetermined maximum) that a squeeze has been attained, any still-pumpable cement slurry remaining in the drill pipe or tubing ideally can be reverse circulated out before it sets.
In the same year Gaudi teamed-up with French inventor/engineer Michel Moglia and his music instrument The Fire Organ (Orgue A Feu), a 20-ton metal pipe structure that works with fire.
Another variant was a pipe of stone, often talc, in the shape of letter "T".
Reduction of water consumption increases the mixing of water tubing and pipe size to minimize the in process water to the user.
MegaPress is system for joining black iron pipe for use on SCH 5-40 suitable for natural gas and mechanical applications.
Tube bending as a process starts with loading a tube into a tube or pipe bender and clamping it into place between two dies, the clamping block and the forming die.
This process is used where a consistent cross section of the pipe is not required.
This method of bending causes very little deformation in the cross section of the pipe.
An induction coil is placed around a small section of the pipe at the bend point.
Induction bending is used to produce bends for a wide range of applications, such as (thin walled) pipe lines for both the upstream and down stream and on- and off shore segments of the petrochemical industry, large radius structural parts for the construction industry, thick walled, short radius bends for the power generating industry and city heating systems.
The filled pipe is heated in a furnace to  or higher.
They have diameters only slightly less than the internal diameter of the pipe to be bent.
Springs are less cumbersome than rotary benders, but are not suitable for bending short lengths of piping when it is difficult to get the required leverage on the pipe ends.
Using the host's window allows one to pipe output between emulations.
The tubes, flues, dry pipe, super-heater and many other pieces have been removed.
A new dry pipe has been formed and is awaiting installation into the boiler.
He completed most of a rally over Europe, but had to withdraw after a forced landing near Vienna on July 28, due to an oil pipe damage.
 "Jeremy (Magnetic Fields Cover) / My Life Is Wrong (East River Pipe Cover)" (Slumberland, 2012, Army green vinyl)
The choir loft also contains a unique pipe organ donated to the cathedral in 1934.
In the future, the treated effluent from the three plants will flow through a pipe into the Jordan Valley, generating hydropower from the elevation differential of more than 1,000m.
Also in 2007, the Saudi Zamil Group was looking into investment in Romania's steel and pipe projects, and a major housing project of 25,000 units in Romania was being developed by a Saudi-Romanian joint venture.
A two-manual plus pedals pipe organ adorns one side.
Specialists have long tried to relate the present day's pipe instruments to their Old Russian names.
Wooden pipe is made of buckthorn, hazel, maple, ash tree, or bird cherry tree.
N. I. Privalov fixed the name svirel to the double pipe, because this is how the instrument was called in Smolensk region, the major area of its popularity.
The big pipe is usually held in the right hand and the small one in the left hand.
Vibrations of a metal bar, shown on screen with a long pipe.
Tina falls from the balcony but survives that so Rob beats her with a metal pipe to ensure that she dies.
The high water loss rates are ascribed to illegal connections, worn out pipe systems in the networks, and utility dysfunction.
Essar Steel's manufacturing facility comprises ore beneficiation, pellet making, iron making, steel making, and downstream facilities including cold rolling mill, galvanising, pre-coated facility, steel processing facility, extra wide plate mill, and a pipe mill.
Built by the Western Pipe and Steel Company, San Pedro, California, the ship was commissioned on 2 September 1944.
In August 2005, the Washington Convention and Sports Authority put a $900,000 down payment on two lots (which included the historic former headquarters of the United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry adjacent to the Gould parcel.
The church proudly maintains a restored and historic 1897 Niemann pipe organ.
Mill Product Forms Available:     Ingot, Bloom, Bar, Billet, Seamless Pipe, Wire
The reason attributed to the pipe burst is the loosening of the flange bolt connection.
The Chine pipe drains water from the northern slopes of Tennyson Down.
'Express' on a round pea whistle, 'Speedwell' on a Double pipe type.
It houses an 1881 historic Niemann pipe organ.
Although experts said it was a pipe dream, Missouri appeared to have a very slim chance if it could win the remainder of its games and finish above .500 in the Big 12.
Barlow's formula (called "Kesselformel" in German) relates the internal pressure that a pipe can withstand to its dimensions and the strength of its material.
The Hook and Hastings pipe organ was installed in 1884, and, with its characteristic full-bodied sound, it is still in use today.
Around 1810, plans were drawn up to pipe the water into Hanley, though were not followed through.
The color of the sand comes from the pulverized red organ pipe coral from eons of surf erosion mixed with the white sand.
Gravity Pipe, a Tokyo University supercomputer (abbreviated GRAPE)
It was the first pipe organ in Australia to be classified by the National Trust and is well regarded as an instrument of national importance.
Sprayed coatings, pipe insulation, and Asbestos Insulating Board (AIB) are thought to be the most dangerous due to their high content of asbestos and friable nature.
The Clean Air Act also bans asbestos pipe insulation and asbestos block insulation on components such as boilers and hot water tanks, and spray-applied surfacing asbestos-containing materials.
"Scottish Love Songs" : An elderly lady is haunted by a Pipe Band who continually march through her house playing, rendering her all but deaf...
The heat pipe is mainly used in space, process or air heating, in waste heat from a process is being transferred to the surrounding due to its transfer mechanism.
Professor Marc Edwards, an expert in plumbing corrosion, discovered lead levels at least 83 times higher than the accepted safe limit while performing research into premature pipe corrosion for the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority (WASA).
It said the original report "did not reflect findings of concern from the separate longitudinal study that showed that children living in homes serviced by a lead water pipe were more than twice as likely as other DC children to have had a blood lead level ≥10 µg/dL."
Hawkins said that WAMU was not seeing elevated levels of lead in homes with partial pipe replacements.
A pipe organ by Elliot dating from 1820 was replaced by a new organ by Forster and Andrews of Hull which was opened on 18 August 1852.
A total of 450 metres of iron pipe was laid from the Schmachter See to the seabed of the Baltic.
Interior changes made to provide space for a pipe organ and a loft for the choir.
In November 2003, Joseph released his second LP under Pipe Records, Whoever It Was That Brought Me Here Will Have To Take Me Home.
He proposed a red gum pipe could be introduced at the corner of Flinders and Elizabeth Streets as an allotment.
As it gives out heat, the hot water cools and sinks to the bottom of the radiator and is forced out of a pipe at the other end.
Meanwhile, Homer finds himself chained to a pipe in a dark room.
Fogarty creates traditional Plains clothing and accessories, such as purses, pipe bags, dolls, cradle boards, rifle scabbards, and knife cases – all adorned with beadwork or porcupine quill embroidery.
 Martin Pipe – Beau Ranger (1988), Upgrade (2000), Seebald (2004), Our Vic (2006)
Curlew sank off of Point Judith, Rhode Island in May 1859 when a steam pipe burst and she began to fill with water.
The pipe organ was built 1796 and restored and expanded 1866.
The conventional method requires more stringent piping requirements, usually requiring greater than 5 diameters of straight pipe upstream of the flow meter in order to provide the quoted flow accuracy.
The membership roster of the Pipe Club contained over 90,000 names.
23 North Texas Pipe Chevrolet Impala driven by Robert Richardson, Jr. part-time in the Nationwide Series.
Archaeological specimens found at the site include stove walls used for iron reduction, blast pipe fragments, pottery shards, and slag heaps.
Exhaust steam was led from the valve chest to the tender through a 100 mm connecting pipe.
The technical system basically consists of a compressor and pipe or hose with nozzles.
Exhaust steam was led from the valve chest to the tender through a low-down, 100 mm, connecting pipe.
The replacement flag attached to another and heavier pipe was raised on the mountain top simultaneous with the lowering of the first flagstaff.
Exhaust steam was extracted from the steam chest and fed through a 100 mm diameter pipe under the locomotive to the tender.
The system was regulated by a throttle valve on the blast pipe.
In different sorts of valve, the mobile unbending part punctures a pipe or cuts off a precut end fitting.
The following passage is excerpted from "Union Mills: The Shriver Homestead Since 1797" by Frederic Shriver Klein:       The Shriver brothers bought a large tract of land along Big Pipe Creek, about seven miles north of Westminster and along early roads leading into Littlestown and Pennsylvania's roads toward the west.
In 1822, Francis Scott Key sold his father's mansion and estate on Pipe Creek near this community.
In 1984, Makhzoumi co-founded Future Pipe Industries, and was CEO from 1986 to 2003, when his son, Rami, took over as CEO, with Makhzoumi as chairman until 2011, when he resumed the CEO role.
A  pipe of a given diameter can transfer heat at the same rate as an air duct with eighteen times the cross-section area and is much easier to install in small spaces.
From the confluence, near Detour, Maryland (), Double Pipe flows west for  to its mouth at the Monocacy, which drains to the Potomac River.
The Maryland Department of the Environment (MDE) has identified water quality violations for Double Pipe Creek and tributaries, specifically for sediment, nutrients (nitrogen and phosphorus), and bacteria.
Before the battle broke out at Gettysburg, General Meade had planned a defensive position for the Army of the Potomac at Pipe Creek, making use of its broad slopes and open fields of fire.
Four years later he spent six months at the Church of Saint Polycarpe (Église Saint-Polycarpe), which was renowned in Lyon for its pipe organ.
Rudy Costa - alto and soprano saxophone, flute, pan pipe, kalimba
 was a  cargo ship which was built by Western Pipe & Steel Co, San Francisco.
The crystal chandelier, Wurlitzer pipe organ (one of only four remaining in theaters across Ohio), and two spacious loges are just some of the features which made this building worthy of being preserved.
North of Zambia in Ethiopia, the remains of two ceramic water pipe bowls were recovered from Lalibela Cave and dated to 640–500 BP.
The English and Dutch had contact with the pipe smoking natives of North America, and adopted the habit.
Another notable case Freeh was associated with was the murder trial of Walter Moody, accused of the pipe bomb assassination of federal judge Robert Smith Vance in Birmingham, Alabama and attorney Robert E. Robinson in Savannah, Georgia.
The gas bottles stood outside the area and were already attached to the supply pipe.
Święta Lipka is known for the pilgrimage sanctuary and temple, a masterpiece of Baroque architecture, and its moving pipe organ, a unique and fine church instrument.
A number of the Insular Cases were argued by him in the Supreme Court, as were also the Joint Traffic Association and the Addyston Pipe & Steel Company cases.
 US$445,640 for shipping an $8.75 elbow pipe
On December 22, 2010, Sarno was convicted on racketeering charges related to the illegal gambling ring and playing a role in the 2003 pipe bombing.
 Tom McAllister, member of the Shotts and Dykehead Pipe Band in Scotland in the 1940s
 Domestic dual pipe schemes in the Cranbourne area.
When exposed at the surface, a breccia pipe may appear as an iron-stained knob, from several feet to several hundred feet in diameter.
Keys were not added until around 1800 -John Peacock's tune book (c1800) includes A compleat drawing of J. Peacock's New Invented Pipe Chanter with the addition of four keys.
made it impracticable to place concrete under water by bucket or pipe methods, the following plan was devised to meet the conditions of cold running water and low air Fig.
Castelli, who showed in 1971 Shiloum", a smoke pipe used for hashish.
Walter Skett, also mentioned in later Pipe Rolls of 1201 appears in Shropshire.
At one end is the ‘inlet’ situated at the bottom of the bag, a pipe from the toilet block brings all human waste into the bag together with a hatch for animal and kitchen waste.
The water is released through the outlet pipe, this water is known as ‘High nutrient’ or ‘Black’ water.
The Great Concert Hall contains a pipe organ with 69 registers built by Klais Orgelbau.
Typical examples include player pianos, reproducing pianos, player reed organs, player pipe organs, orchestrions, music boxes, fairground organs, etc.
Not long after this Abecassis lost most of his exhaust pipe but continued on unfazed, while at the same time Villoresi stopped again, this time retiring with a loss of oil pressure.
The church boasts of relics such as; "original European stained-glass windows depicting the crucifixion, ascension of Christ and his resurrection, a painting titled 'The Prodigal Son', original work of Italian painter Pompeo Batoni, a processional cross gifted by Edward Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax, a rare pipe organ gifted by Ralph T. Coe in 1899, and the church bell".
Also, the sacrifice scene has three other elements common in sacrifices in Classical Greece, the presence of a pipe player, incense in the hand of one of the four rear participants and the jug of water for purification.
In February 2008 a substance thought to be asbestos was found below a heating pipe.
Despite these findings, a report by Northern News Services stated that during the following spring break a work crew had replaced all 300 pipe elbows in the school because officials believed the insulating wrap may have contained asbestos.
He  recorded a piping album with Patricia Jennings, side one consisting of his solo tracks and side two of pipe duets.
Northumbrian Pipe Tunes (Folktracks TFSA30.122), nd.
The event was established in 2009 and is named in honour of Martin Pipe, a highly successful National Hunt trainer who retired in 2006.
In 1904 a refinery was built on the Delaware River which received  from the United States Pipe Line.
The presence of pipe bombs was a big blow to Hong Kong as it roused public fear, while the British government and the Hong Kong government secretly discussed whether or not to abandon the Crown Colony.
Code Enforcement Officer Richard Canuel initially suggested, "There are a great many possible causes or combination of causes -- from something as simple as a leak in a dam pipe, to the natural effects of ice damming."
Later changes include moving the pipe organ (twice) and a number of new stained glass windows: many of these portray saints, including St Materiana, St George and St Piran.
The name Sheepstor has evolved considerably since the first reference to a settlement here which was recorded in a pipe roll of 1168 as Sitelestorra.
The largest mechanical pipe organ in Latvia is located in Liepāja Holy Trinity Cathedral.
Pipe diameters are from 50 cm to 4 mm.
Recent advances have been made, with pipe being laid in water depths of more than 2,500 metres.
A number of national oil companies own and operate pipe laying barges for offshore oil projects.
Jordan attacked Terry with a lead pipe as Terry was preparing to defend his title against Abyss.
The building where the aquarium is located was built initially as a natatorium in the 1920s, an indoor saltwater public bath, with the water pumped from the Pacific Ocean through a pipe still visible today at the tide line, and then heated.
When a fuel pipe cracks, choking fumes are funneled into the cockpit causing the record run to end prematurely.
In the end, Luc impales Scott on the forehead with a lead pipe and fires a shotgun through it, blowing his brains out.
He became organist and choirmaster at Philadelphia's Second Presbyterian Church in 1927, where he greatly enlarged the pipe organ.
From 1862 church music at St. Nicholas developed: a harmonium was purchased in 1870 to take place of the string and wind instruments, and in 1922 a small pipe organ was acquired.
In 1970 the organ's maintenance caused difficulties and Linton-Bogle donated a Compton pipe organ.
This Maigret story was first published in French in 38 instalments in the newspaper France-Soir between March and May 1946 and in 1947 by Presses de la Cité in book-form preceded in this same volume by the short-story La pipe de Maigret.
In case of a steam pipe failure in the boiler room, the brick wall would stop the steam from spreading to the generating room.
A plastic cone similar to those used to pipe icing onto cakes is used in the Indian culture.
Here, with the help of a pipe of tobacco and a glass of good wine, a very friendly interview took place in the library, Sharp courteously declining controversy and inviting confidential hints about the state of the diocese (according to Frankland in a latter to Ralph Thoresby, 6 November 1694).
The City of Shoreline is planning on improving the drainage and reducing downstream erosion by building a detention basin and replacing the pipe.
This storage pipe is located under the detention basin in Boeing Creek Park.
The pipe conveys wastewater to the Hidden Lake Pump Station.
The underground storage pipe in Boeing Creek Park was finished in 2007, Boeing Creek Trunk in 2008, and the Hidden Lake Pump Station in 2009.
In September 2014, in regards to a fourth film, Downey said, "There isn't one in the pipe ... No, there's no plan for a fourth Iron Man."
They are used where the diameter of the pipe on the upstream side of the fitting (i.e.
Horizontal liquid reducers are always eccentric, with the flat side on the top, which prevents the build up of air bubbles in the system, (unless on control set, same as PV, TV, HV, LV) or in a pipe rack.
Tulsa Central was at one time said to be the second largest high school in the country, and included an indoor pool, an indoor track, an extensive art collection, and a large pipe organ.
The Pipe Dreams of Instant Prince Whippet is a 2002 EP by Guided by Voices.
During the manoeuvres she suffered engine problems, with a burst steam pipe delaying departure from Queenstown on 3 August and on 10 August she had a failure of the low pressure on her port engine, with Arethusa continuing on the power of one engine.
This organ, the oldest Buffalo-made pipe organ extant, is still in service today.
 Acipco, Alabama, formerly owned by American Cast Iron Pipe Company
The pipe would pump 200 million cubic meters per year.
Grants are not available for pipe organ restoration, interior renovation, mechanical upgrades, or routine maintenance, including repainting.
When he was a young man, he invented the color changing clay pipe trick.
No Pipe Dreams for Father (Coleford: The Forest Bookshop, 1977) 
Jockey: Timmy Murphy; trainer: David Pipe.
The accident was caused by the failure to connect the brake pipe between the locomotive and its train.
The copper steam pipe exits from the bottom of the boiler inside the firebox, thus getting a very small degree of superheat.
The company also produced tube and pipe mills using the same process.
Some of the more famous examples are the Roman aqueducts (some of which are still in use today), Roman roads, water powered milling machines, thermal heating systems (as employed in Roman baths, and also used in palaces and wealthy homes) sewage and pipe systems and the invention and widespread use of concrete.
October – Cigar and pipe tobacco adverts are banned from UK television.
After the ninth, however, he had to have a tracheotomy and breathed through a small pipe in his neck for the rest of his life.
A pipe organ was purchased from the Independent Presbyterian Church at a cost of $1,350.
Silver stain was a combination of silver nitrate or silver sulphide blended with pipe clay and applied to (usually) clear glass.
Since the early 1980s the North Shore Assembly of God has made both the buildings their home, and have preserved the interior with all of its original details including carved pews and other woodwork, ornate pressed tin ceilings and walls, a built-in pipe organ, and the original stained glass windows.
The original porte cochere provides a covered entrance to the chapel, and once inside one can listen to the original pipe organ.
The disturbed pipe causes a water tower to collapse.
Casing pipe will be installed at various depths while drilling.
On February 8, 2019, there was a pipe burst that flooded 22 apartments in building 200 of Riverfront towers.
By the 1970s, the railroad's traffic included lumber, pulp, paper products, coiled steel and steel pipe.
Since the early 1980s the North Shore Assembly of God has made this their home, and have preserved the interior with all its original details including richly carved pews and woodwork, ornate pressed tin ceilings and walls, a built-in pipe organ, and many lovely original stained glass windows.
The player directs a stream of air over the sharp rim or on top of the pipe.
For the duration of the war the ground was closed, but Simms gained entry to the ground each night by climbing up a drain pipe with the "agility and ease of a practised cat-burglar".
A specification from 1929 can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The Town of Old Fort was given rights to the basin and the pipe that carries the water, and the fountain was formally named Andrews Geyser.
The Missouri Meerschaum Company is a tobacco smoking pipe manufacturer located in Washington, Missouri.
Like other non-combustion energy storage technologies, a liquid nitrogen vehicle displaces the emission source from the vehicle's tail pipe to the central electrical generating plant.
The church has a pipe organ and a number of stained glass windows, Three of the apse windows, which date from 1863, are by Heaton, Butler and Bayne and are considered among the best of this period in the region.
Today, this pond is the only trace of a waterway at Skallum, as most of the Stabekk Watershed has been led underground through a pipe system.
Bentley and Craig were spotted climbing up a drain pipe to gain access to the roof by a member of the public, who called the police.
A one-piece all-moving tailplane is employed, and a feature of the design is the large wingtip endplate which slides rearward for access to the fuel filler pipe.
The Bowery Boys wore neckerchiefs, red shirts, tall stove pipe hats, long, black, frock coats, and trousers tucked into high heel calf boots to identify them with their New York City Fire Department volunteer fire company origins and Nativist affiliations.
They give her a pipe for air, expecting they will soon gain a ransom from her father.
It is home to Cloughfin Pipe Band and the Kildress Wolfe Tones GAA club,
These plans include the preservation of the exterior facades, Shrine of the Immortal murals, Kimball pipe organ, and lobby.
In Addyston Pipe and Steel Company v. United States, Judge Taft created the distinction between naked and ancillary restraints of trade, and the Virginia State Bar's restraints are naked.
Dalladay and 1970 by Cedric Arnold, Williamson & Hyatt Ltd. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
It was constructed in 1972 and is a concrete pipe with masonry headwalls and crosses the narrow river only a few feet wide.
pipe organs built during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
With the application of electric power to pipe organ action, the use of tubular-pneumatic action quickly declined.
Organ builders harnessed the difference in air pressures inside and outside the organ to do heavier work, taking the weak force of an electromagnet and multiplying its effect pneumatically to pull open pipe valves.
Initially the single exhaust pipe went up from the nose at an angle of about 30° to the vertical, though this was replaced by a more conventional arrangement later.
When Gus comes to the nursing home to kill Hector for turning informant, Hector detonates a pipe bomb Walt made, killing himself, Tyrus, and Gus.
Franz Anton Krager's 2013 recording with the Houston Symphony Chorus is a good example of substantial pipe organ being used to reinforce the chorus and orchestra tutti sections of the Mass.
He established the nearby Chester Pipe and Tube Company, from which he could source the large amount of iron piping and quality boiler tubes required for his ships.
The water then returns through the annular gap between the pipe and the casing.
He is known for the Chézy formula, which concerned the velocity of pipe flow, and in modified form he used it for open channel flow as well.
The Belgian pipe maker Wout Vanloffeld compared the available data to Breugel's very accurate pictures and to the equally precise descriptions Michael Praetorius gave in his .
In Périgord, there is a pipe locally known as the chabrette which shares many features with the chabrette limousine (boîtier à miroir, hautbois à pavillon, materials, etc.
The trader buys and sells ammo, armor, and weapons, such as katanas, pipe bombs, flamethrowers and shotguns.
The top drive allows the drilling rig to drill the longer section of a stand of drill pipe in one operation.
2006	Acquired assets of Inovas and its product lines including VRT, EcoRoute Trainer (ert), Aerial Asset Survey, Pipe Inspect and Fusion
A sewerage pipe was installed in a trench cut into the bedrock and five separate sewer lines were attached at metre intervals, probably with the toilets facing south with the central dividing wall to the rear.
There is also the foundation of the saloon and the water stand pipe used to fill the locomotive's boiler for the train ride is still in place.
He tells them he’s training to be a pipe organ repairman.
They released the five-track EP, Murzik, on 1 September 2004, on Pipe Club Records.
The company continued to operate a pipe foundry until 1928, and until the early 1960s, existed as a land management company, selling its real estate holdings which expanded the city of Lake Oswego.
There are also six rows of earlier company housing built in 1907 for the employees of the defunct Standard Cast Iron Pipe & Foundry Company, from which Harriman purchased the property.
In 1985, a Harrison & Harrison pipe organ was installed in the Cathedral's west end.
At present farmers are doing their best to adopt progressive technologies of farming such as submersible boring, grounded pipe irrigation, soil structure analysis and arrangement of generator for dealing with scarcity of electricity.
Sliplining can be used to stop infiltration and restore structural integrity to an existing pipe.
Either the insertion pit, the receiving pit, or both can be manholes or other existing access points if the size and material of the new carrier pipe can manoeuvre the existing facilities.
Incorporated for a sum of $300,000, the Chester Pipe and Tube Company was located on  of land at the intersection of Front and West Streets in Chester, adjacent to another Roach company, the Chester Rolling Mill, and close to Roach's shipyard.
Colonel Joseph D. Potts, a prominent figure in the transportation business, purchased the Potts Brothers Iron Company in 1890, and thereafter became President of the Chester Pipe and Tube Company, a position he retained until his death in 1893.
The section between Silverdale and Pipe Gate was reduced to single track in October 1934.
After closure of the creamery at Pipe Gate, the route between Market Drayton and Madeley Chord closed for good in 1966.
Ashi searches for something to wear while Jack heads back outside, finding a broken water pipe.
The following year, Nakai held one of the first Native American flute workshops at the Feathered Pipe Ranch in Helena, Montana and invited Charles to attend.
Pipe network optimization with genetic algorithms.
The current route begins  southwest of Ajo, Arizona, at the boundary between Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument and Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge.
Buried pipe systems do not suffer damage.
Soft excavation technology can dig around buried pipe or cable without the risk of damage inherent with backhoes, excavators, or other mechanical tools.
Pipe tobacco and cigar adverts will continue until 1991.
The Hypermini features an aluminium space frame chassis made of extruded aluminium pipe, aluminium stampings, and aluminium castings.
He also took a keen interest in the establishment of the scientific study of sociology in association with his boyhood friend Patrick Geddes and was an enthusiastic supporter of the development of the pipe organ.
 M. Chimedtogtokh (Chimdee), pipe, vocals (throat singing)
The water pipe connection included an insulated section.
Toni asks for donations of used wire rope from the oil drilling rigs in the region and for scrap pipe from the national oil company Petroecuador.
The U.S. Navy relied on packing solutions from Crane Packing for a host of applications, including expansion joints, stern tube service, cargo pumps, rotary steam and air compressors, water-tight closures, metallic condenser packing and pipe fittings.
Siegel was able to rescue two men from the crew's quarters and was going back a third time when he was trapped by a burst steam pipe.
Camp Shaginappi, used by the former Badger Council, was on Pipe Creek and is now a county park.
Work starts on desal pipe project abc.net.au | 2009-06-12
The most common metaphor is that of leaking water from a pipe, where water stands in place of revenues or cash flows, and the leaks represent waste.
Pipe borne water and electricity were introduced.
The Selden Society's experiment was not repeated, and at a General Meeting held in 1903 the Pipe Roll Society decided to abandon record type in favour of publishing its texts "in extenso" (i.e.
In 1953, local 18-year-old apprentice plumber Harry Martindale was repairing pipe work in the cellar, the National Trust having decided to remove the coal-fired central heating installed by Green.
William Browne, The Shepheard's Pipe
To rescue them, Lief, Barda, and Jasmine, heroes of the quest for the Belt of Deltora, must find the Pirran Pipe, the only weapon the Shadow Lord fears.
The wagons were equipped with a heating pipe and constructed so that they could be converted for use on Russian broad gauge railways.
The road deck is  above the river and held in place by fourteen  cables attached to the towers made of  iron pipe.
Schools of brown trout were found there, and fishing was popular; however in modern times the entire watershed has been led underground through a pipe system.
Each unit, when on full load, would burn approximately 1,000 tons of coal per day, and of this coal there remained some 200 tons of ash which has to be disposed of by pumping through pipe lines and by road transport.
 Michel Robin as Pipe
Inside the pews are arranged with a center aisle leading to the raised pulpit, flanked by a pipe organ and backed by a decorative entablature with flanking pilasters.
421.13 Vessel flutes (without distinct beak) 	The body of the pipe is not tubular but vessel-shaped.
They later established their own workshop and built many church pipe organs in Norway.
In 1856, Pioneer Water Works, a private company, got permission from Portland's government to pipe water from Caruthers Creek to some of these homes.
He finished 3rd, but was greatly admired for overcoming his fear and learning to make a rattler dance to the sweet sound of his pipe.
The dam was built in such a way that pure, cool water was drawn from the bottom of the reservoir for the existing pipe to Dundas; and for impure, warmed water to be sent over the spillways for industrial use downstream.
It was more of a pipe dream.
When they locate another of Opie's killers, the prisoner who beat him to death with the pipe, it is revealed to be the cousin of Grim Bastard President T.O.
The ground fell away sharply on most sides of the castle, but its south and west sides were protected with a wet moat, using a dam fed from a nearby spring using a pipe.
Guðmundur Sigurðsson – pipe organ on track 7.
String quartet and pipe organ (both in Reykjavík) recorded by Finnur Hákonarsson.
The panel illustrates many well known pipe tunes or Ceol Mor such as Lament for Donald Ban and The Big Spree.
Mybster is at one end of the Wester Pipe Railway.
Labels for pipe, duct, and cable sizes where not shown elsewhere
If the drawing is detailed , fixture units also should be marked along with the pipe.
Oliver Letwin (Chairman of the Conservative Research Department & Policy Review/Conservative, West Dorset) – reportedly claimed over £2,000 to replace a leaking pipe on the tennis courts at his constituency home.
It requires less pressure than butt-welding and is more commonly used on smaller sizes of pipe (4" or less).
As current is applied to the resistive wire, the coils heat up and melt the inside of the fitting and the outside of the pipe wall which weld together producing a very strong homogeneous joint.
The water was taken from the bottom of the spring through a tin pipe to prevent the natural gas from escaping from the water.
Spent cartridges are ejected into a pipe arrangement and slide downwards to a room opposite to the magazine.
The Hot Geyser spring was developed by sinking a  pipe  deep, and gave  of water per minute.
If one player enters a different area of a level, such as one enclosed via a warp pipe or a door, without the other players, they will warp to the same place after a short period of time.
Entertainment Weekly film critic Owen Gleiberman called Pipe Dream "One of the funniest films I've seen this year...".
Bordering the outside lanes was a  open air wind grate that supported a  pipe curb elevated  off the roadway.
The sound of the Apollo rocket launch is a mix of V2 rocket and atom bomb punctuated by slowed down struck metal which emulates cathedral bells, creating a thread with the slowed down brass in the Stonehenge music which bookends the film and the pipe organ score linking the Apollo 11 rocket flight with micro and macro universes.
The Pipe Band is a very active organization that also competes as a Grade IV band at Highland Games all over the United States.
The ductile iron used to manufacture the pipe is characterized by the spheroidal or nodular nature of the graphite within the iron.
In highly corrosive environments loose polyethylene sleeving (LPS) to encase the pipe may also be used.
However, it is the external diameter of the pipe that is kept constant between changes in wall thickness, in order to maintain compatibility in joints and fittings.
Pipe dimensions are standardised to the mutually incompatible AWWA C151 (U.S.
Individual lengths of ductile iron pipe are joined either by flanges, couplings, or some form of spigot and socket arrangement.
In the European market flanges are usually welded onto the pipe.
The most modern is the 'push-joint' or 'slip-joint', whereby the socket and rubber seal is designed to allow the pipe spigot to be, after lubrication, simply pushed into the socket.
Such pipe systems are often to be seen in nineteenth century churches in the heating system.
According to a 2004 study, an expected lifespan of 100 years is likely for ductile iron pipe, based on test results, field inspections and in-service operations over 50 years.
The lifespan of ductile iron pipe installed in an aggressive environment without appropriate protection may be between 21 and 40 years.
In the United States, the American National Standards Institute and American Water Works Association have standardized the use of polyethylene sleeving to protect ductile iron pipe from the effects of corrosion.
In instances of more aggressive soils, polyethylene sleeving is installed over the zinc coated pipe to provide added protection.
LPS comprises a loose sleeve of polyethylene that completely wraps the pipe, including the bells of any joints.
LPS is not designed to be completely water-tight but rather to greatly restrict the movement of water to and from the pipe surface.
Where resistivity is below 1500 ohm/cm and where the pipe is installed at or below the water table, where there are additional artificial soil contaminants and particularly stray currents again it is recommended for use in addition to zinc and epoxy coating.
In Europe and Australia, ductile iron pipe is typically manufactured with a zinc coating overlaid by either a bituminous, polymeric, or epoxy finishing layer.
The U.S. industry is also represented by the National Association of Pipe Fabricators.
According to a report published by The Freedonia Group in 2011, economic recovery from the 2008 crisis is likely to expand ductile iron's market share in the large diameter pipe market.
The pipe can be recycled after use.
They found that at diameters of ≤ 24 in, ductile iron pipe had the highest "global warming potential" based on emissions from manufacturing, transportation and installation.
In November 2012, ductile iron pipe manufactured in the United States received certification as a sustainable product from the Institute for Market Transformation to Sustainability.
Three years later the church building was outfitted with electric light, and carpeting and a new pipe organ came in subsequent years.
The Japanese give Popeye a bouquet with a lobster hiding inside of it, which punches Popeye and breaks his pipe.
Addison wakes up in the Creeper's truck with Kirk; Kirk accidentally activates a booby trap, causing a metal pipe to impale his head.
He also learned the guitar and in high school he was a drummer in the Inverness Pipe Band.
A specification of the organ can be found in the National Pipe Organ Register.
The pipe organ was rebuilt in 1981.
The historic pipe organ was restored in 2015.
 Pipe – David Milner, Ian Craig, Roddy McDonald
The pipe is often heated with a butane blowtorch rather than a cigarette lighter.
He released a sophomore effort, Lead Pipe, in 1994.
A small pond on the right with a pipe under the path to a stream, which is often dry, is one of the sources of the Dollis Brook.
Records from the Pipe Rolls, however, show that Henry continued to exact more than custom allowed.
 Pasadena Bag Pipe Band
 Virginia Military Institute Regimental Band and Pipe Band
Nutcase tells him that he is just giving him some food to eat with together (as they will not be given anything to eat), but Brother angrily tells him to wash himself by the dripping pipe water, threatening Nutcase that he will kill him.
A pipe organ was installed in 1929, and  the tower and roof were rebuilt.
Their first guest was Kelly Slater, who came in-studio to promote his book Pipe Dreams.
With figured bass, numbers, accidentals or symbols were placed above the bassline that was read by keyboard instrument players such as harpsichord players or pipe organists (or lutenists).
 "Smoke Screens & Pipe Dreams" – 3:23
The fuel delivery pipe assembly is a returnless type (to eliminate evaporative fuel emissions) and is made of SUS (steel use stainless) with a specially designed inner structure for the reduction of pulsation noise.
In 1958 Turkish Cypriots adopted the alternative name Olukönü, meaning “in front of the drain pipe.” It is difficult to understand why they chose this name.
BalaCares Foundation Donated Drinking Water facilities to this village on 1999 with individual pipe connection for each and every street in kavunji village.
Their hats are trimmed with swizzle sticks, foxtails and pipe cleaners.
The porosity eliminates the pipe found in killed steel and increases the yield to approximately 90% by weight.
Since pipe cavities are minimized, semi-killed steels are usually cast in big-end-down molds without hot-tops.
The pipe organ - which had been damaged a few years previously by vandalism - was replaced with a digital organ.
Lewis Ferry Moody (5 January 1880 – 21 February 1953) was an American engineer and professor, best known for the Moody chart, a diagram capturing relationships between several variables used in calculating fluid flow through a pipe.
In 1971, the basement was converted into a Student Government-run coffee house, called "The Pipe Room."
He also eats spinach through his pipe, sometimes sucking in the can along with the contents.
For instance, Popeye grows his own spinach and has replaced his pipe with a whistle.
He had a prominent chin, sinewy physique, characteristic pipe, and a propensity and agile skill for fist-fighting.
A salvage excavation at Tell Turmus was conducted by the Israel Antiquities Authority in April 2000 prior to the installation of a water pipe.
Given his first music lessons by Héctor Polzinetti, a carpenter at the dockyards, Filiberto and a number of friends created a musical ensemble known as "Orfeón Los del Futuro" ("The Orpheum of the Future"), for whom he played a pipe organ in theatres.
On the evening of 25 July, about 20,000 people lined the Royal Mile and watched the parade of about 8,000 clan members and pipe bands march from the Palace of Holyroodhouse to Edinburgh Castle Esplanade.
The pipe used in the siphons was cast in the Lower 48, transported by barge to an Alaska port, then by train and truck to the job site.
They found many of the wooden pipe supports still intact, and they also took away lessons on the importance of having a support road and the need to excavate and protect frozen material.
In 1976, the US Civil Aeronautics Board banned cigar and pipe smoking on aircraft, but under pressure from tobacco interests, it sought to limit this ban in 1978.
MacDonald (Roderick S. MacDonald, born 1956),  Scottish pipe major and music composer previously based in Australia
The pipe organ in the rear gallery was installed in 1997 by the Lively-Fulcher Organ Company.
For Air Reed (flute and fipple-flute) instruments, the thin grazing air sheet (planar jet) flowing across an opening (mouth) in the pipe interacts with a sharp edge (labium) to generate sound.
A quantitative demonstration of the nature of this type of sound source has been provided by Alan Powell when studying a planar jet interacting with a sharp edge in the absence of pipe (so called edgetone).
The pipe  forms with the jet a feedback loop.
At the labium the jet oscillation results in a generation of acoustic waves, which maintain the pipe oscillation.
These waves have a pressure node at the mouth opening and another pressure node at the opposite open pipe termination.
In 1919, a 4,000 pipe concert organ was installed as a memorial to Prof. Milton Z. Tinker, for years supervisor of music in the local public schools.
In 2013, the University of Evansville purchased the pipe organ, dismantled it, and put it into storage.
Pipe Clay and Drill: John J. Pershing, the classic American soldier (Reader's Digest Press, 1977)
Fratelli Ruffatti, pipe organ builders of Padua, Italy
Its main feature of interest was a pipe organ taken from Lancing College.
Owner Mr. McMahon, Angle attacked Hogan with a steel pipe.
Wright won his third title carrying ranking points of his career at the ninth Players Championship by beating Justin Pipe 6–2.
The lake's level is supported by pumping water from the Missouri River through a 24-inch pipe at the southwest end, transported over 1½ miles, which costs about $1,000 a week.
An underground pipe (still visible in ruins) supplied the runoff to the Jharna from Hauz-i–Shamshi.
Production is carried out by eight wells connected by a  long subsea double pipe tie-back to a gas processing platform located offshore Ashkelon.
The interior was finished with marble partitions, a concrete floor, nickeled pipe, and hard wood.
The museum includes a live cannabis garden in various stages of growth, pipe and roach clip collections, an 1836 Dutch Bible made of hemp, and many other accessories made from the industrial crop.
From 2005 to the present, Pete has shared the stage with many artists on national tours, regional tours, and one-off shows including Blessid Union of Souls, Kate Voegele, The Verve Pipe, Ace Enders and a Million Different People, Paper Rival, Augustana, Roark, Richard Julian of The Little Willies and many others.
The BSA C15T was a trials version with a higher clearance frame fitted with a reinforced plate, special gear ratios suited to off-road use, a 20" front wheel in the UK and a high level exhaust pipe.
Pipe and drape is a way of adding colour to what would normally be a plain backdrop.
Pipe and drape is freestanding, so it can be ideal as room dividers, exhibition curtain backdrape,  stage theatrical backdrop, catering aisle drape, or drape partitions.
The ground support system is enhanced by the addition of sand bags or stage weights added to further counterbalance the height and weight of the drapes hung on the pipe system.
The hooks are then placed into a slot on the upright and held in place by gravity, thereby making the pipe and drape support system.
Thus, sequential sections of pipe and drape panels make up the wall of drape.
The use of Pipe and Drape to temporarily alter the look of a space continues to be a common, practical method.
A pipe bridge north of Sheffield.
The Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group was established by Piet van Leeuwen Jr. in Zwijndrecht, the Netherlands, in 1924.
Strong winds also indirectly caused the leakage of hydrochloric acid from a plant in Ypsilanti, Michigan after roofing knocked loosed by the wind broke a distribution pipe.
The Abbey uses the organ to accompany their liturgies almost every day of the year, except for days like Good Friday, when liturgical tradition precludes the uses of the pipe organ.
It was replaced in 1950 by a Compton whose specification can be found here on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The origin of the name comes from  and , because the character is blowing fire with a bamboo pipe, hence the shape of the mouth.
  (MC hull number 281, Type C3-S-A2), built by Western Pipe and Steel; acquired by the United States Navy and converted to  USS Alpine (APA-92); sold for commercial service in 1948; scrapped in 1971
  (MC hull number 274), built by Western Pipe and Steel; acquired by the United States Navy and converted to  USS Clay (AP-84/APA-39); sold for commercial service in 1948; scrapped in 1974
  (MC hull number 1551), built by Western Pipe and Steel; acquired by the United States Navy and converted to  USS Hansford (APA-106); sold for commercial service in 1947; scrapped in 1973
He then cuts ABS pipe to be used as a launcher.
The Sunbeam engine drove a four-bladed propeller and had a single, central, and nearly vertical exhaust pipe.
 Wiped joint, the lead pipe plumbing technique, using similar alloys and techniques.
Cast iron pipe was frequently used uncoated, although later coatings and linings reduced corrosion and improved hydraulics.
Ductile iron pipe is different than cast iron, because the introduction of magnesium during the casting process causes the graphite to form spheres (graphite nodules) rather than flakes.
These amount to some 35 km of pipe, typically 1 m lengths with flanged joints.
This type of joint can typically allow around 15 degrees of deflection at each joint, making 'snaking' of the pipe possible.
Horizontal casting resulted in an uneven distribution of metal around the pipe circumference.
Using this method the slag would all collect at the top of the casting and could be removed by simply cutting off the end of the pipe.
Modern ductile iron pipe production continues to use this general method of casting.
The pattern was then removed for casting of the pipe using molten grey iron.
Cast iron pipe formed using this procedure was typically oven-cooled under controlled time and temperature conditions.
The iron combines with various components in the water, forming a tubercle on the pipe interior.
In 1939, American Standard A21.4 was published, which defined a Type I cement coating on the inside of waterline pipe to be used.
Amphipods were found to be able to cross previously uncrossable areas to enter into new drainage pipe thanks to the construction of a canal.
Waring is known to have laid clay drainage pipe there for field improvement, some of which is still extant.
The historic headwaters of the stream originate in the Tenleytown area in Northwest Washington, however at present the section of the stream north of Massachusetts Avenue is hydrologically separated from the lower section and runs through a large stormwater pipe under the daylighted portion.
Mickey avoids being chewed or swallowed, and eventually sabotages the giant's smoking pipe to escape.
On April 29, 2010, in a product liability case filed by a mesothelioma patient whose husband used to cut CertainTeed pipe for a living, a Los Angeles Superior Court jury returned a verdict of $8.8 million in compensatory damages and $200 million in punitive damages against CertainTeed and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.
There are several environmental improvements including a fish ladder in the intake #1 and a water replacement pipe that allows some of the water from the lower elevation intake to flow back into the stream.
There once existed the Leaton Brick and Pipe Works, one of a number of clay-based industries in the area.
Known for his trademark ski mask and pipe and for his charismatic personality, Marcos coordinated the EZLN's 1994 uprising, headed up the subsequent peace negotiations, and has played a prominent role throughout the Zapatistas' struggle in the following decades.
The Concert Hall has 1953 seats, a computer-controlled elevating stage, and an 88-diapason 5-layer organ by Austria's Rieger Pipe Organ.
Emil Martin was the son of, also very known pipe organ builder August Martin, who was very active organ builder in the Baltic.
Dp0 is the temperature-independent component of the pipe diffusion coefficient, G is the shear modulus, ν0 is the dislocation velocity, k is the Boltzmann constant, γ is the stacking fault energy, and H is the hardness.
Their musical instruments are made from leather, metal strings, shankh, Dhan, a pipe, Noly, Pawari, Dobru, Ghonghali, etc.
 "Cattle", a song by The Verve Pipe from Villains
Typically, cannabis is smoked using a bong, pipe or joint.
Helical extrusion technology is applied in the plastic pipe industry.
Pipe organs at the following locations were either built or rebuilt by James Jepson Binns or his JJ Binns company.
Rochdale Town Hall pipe organ, built by Binns in 1913, rebuilt by J.W.
Other activities of the INA included an annual lecture at Sydney University, housie, Irish dancing, the pipe band, and the upkeep of the 1798 Memorial at Waverley Cemetery.
–standard pipe and tubing; same as above
Approximately  of oil and produced water overflowed the containment area – escaping the large secondary containment through an open  drainage pipe – and contaminated about one mile (1.6 km) of Zaca Creek.
CFRP liner designs are based on strain compatibility between the liner and host pipe.
At the pub, the player helps the barmaid fix the pub's pipe problem, then chases down a shadowy figure who the player believes is spying on them.
Twelve days after it was first seen by humans, the Heritage Range in Antarctica was visited for the first time, by a team led by Campbell Craddock, Edward C. Thiel, and Edwin S. Robinson, who landed near Pipe Peak.
A third system also exists which acts as a barrier and contains the spray out of hot oil & gases from flanges, valves & pipe joints.
In 2003 nine gold coins were stolen and in 2009 thieves took an 18th-century clay pipe from the exhibition.
Other factors affecting the possible lift and total length of the suction hose are that single stage vacuum pumps only reach an 85-90% partial vacuum, and that small air leakages, pipe friction losses, and the viscosity of the liquid further reduce the possible lift.
is a concert hall complex consisting of the main "Ark Hall", with a pipe organ, and other facilities, located in Tokorozawa, Saitama, west of Tokyo, Japan.
Among those affected are a number of sites located with the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
In 2015 Lauren expanded its fabrication capabilities with acquisition of a 126,000 square foot pipe and vessel welding facility at the Port of Catoosa in Tulsa, Oklahoma with access to the US Inland Waterway.
A region where these forces change behavior is known as a boundary layer, such as the bounding surface in the interior of a pipe.
In his 1883 paper Reynolds described the transition from laminar to turbulent flow in a classic experiment in which he examined the behaviour of water flow under different flow velocities using a small stream of dyed water introduced into the centre of clear water flow in a larger pipe.
At the lower end of this range, a continuous turbulent-flow will form, but only at a very long distance from the inlet of the pipe.
For a semi-circular channel, it is quarter the diameter (in case of full pipe flow).
The nature of pipe flow is strongly dependent on whether the flow is laminar or turbulent.
 Zagarola, M. V. and Smits, A. J., "Experiments in High Reynolds Number Turbulent Pipe Flow."
The diamond came from the 2,500-foot (760 m) level of the volcanic diamond-bearing pipe.
James Joyce Pipe (1 March 1909 – 1987) was an English footballer who played as a left back for Millwall in the Football League making 196 appearances.
The English pipe rolls of the 13th century indicate that the overlords of both the Cork and the Mayo-Galway Barretts were the same people, and the records further indicate that both families migrated from Pendyne County, Wales.
The Spencer 's main steam pipe broke, which forced the pilot to steer for the river bank to beach the vessel.
The pipe was 60 years old, and was due to be replaced in less than a year.
Whittingham and church members a pipe organ was installed in the chapel.
His plan is ruined, however, when Captain Barnfather (Clayton LeBouef) tells the press about the pipe.
He also made a pipe with reeds, a hot wire and clay, which he sold in the early part of the night, and produced in the latter.
Whereas the original version of Elite Force had been published by Activision and developed by Raven Software, the PlayStation 2 version was published by Majesco Entertainment and developed by their in-house studio, Pipe Dream Interactive.
 201	Jun/21/04		Civil War Submarine  /  Red Cloud's Peace Pipe  /  Thomas Edison's House
Telcos, Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) are under increasing competitive pressures to move to smart pipe business models.
NI as enabling technology for smart pipe applications
One of the top five applications in the National Park Service's "Innovation in Recreation" Grant Program, the project received a $50,000 grant, which was matched by the New York City Parks Department, the City Parks Foundation, and local lumber, pipe and paint suppliers.
She also worked performed with Anna Sokolow on Broadway and portrayed Sonya in the original production of Rodgers and Hammerstein's Pipe Dream.
A water pipe ran from the well to Upper Noonday Camp or "Single Mans Camp" on Furnace Creek Road, used by Anaconda's employees from 1949 until 1957, and then Western Talc's employees until 1972.
Industrial exhaust ducts are pipe systems that connect hoods to industrial chimneys through other components of exhaust systems like fans, collectors, etc.
Therefore, the main activity is to build intelligent sensing systems based on precision measurement with laser beams and other intelligent sensing devices applicable to various industries such as automotive, railroad, pipe and tube, aerospace, shipbuilding, fabricated structures, windmill towers manufacturing, etc.
These featured the North American Rocketdyne AR-1 engine, installed in a fairing above the tail pipe of the jet engine.
	Honorary Member: Vancouver Police Pipe Band (since 1984)
His last role on Broadway was in 1955–1956 as Doc in Pipe Dream for which he garnered a Tony Award nomination.
Burnout: Players extinguish a fire by steering water from a center pipe, with a wheel, into the opponent's barrel.
The church is well known for its Orgues Létourneau pipe organ in the Sanctuary.
 On 2 October 1991, a Japan Airlines Boeing 747-200B was climbing through FL165 when the force from a hot liquid released from a burst pipe in the pressurization system, and blew a  hole in the fuselage beneath the port wing.
 Leachate collection layer - a layer of sand or gravel or a thick plastic mesh called a geonet collects leachate and allows it to drain by gravity to the leachate collection pipe system.
This prevents clogging of the pipe system.
A few years later in the south of the neighborhood a pipe factory was built along with a power plant, CET Berceni.
The museum has now a new water pipe system and a draining system, some electric improvements, a new security system and a new illumination for the whole museum.
This was followed by two pipe bombs being thrown at Gregg's house and shots being fired at that of his friend Tommy Kirkham.
As the vehicle enter the pipe, there's a fluttering noise and red eyes glowing.
The church possesses two pipe organs.
A specification of the chancel organ can also be found on the  National Pipe Organ Register.
This columnar cactus is very common further south in Mexico, but in the United States it is restricted to small areas of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument and this isolated population in the Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge.
Finale - A Pipe Dream And A Promise
The plaza is enclosed by a stone wall with metal pipe railings that follows the outline of the 1883 racetrack.
The first section of pipe was laid in 1975 after more than five years of legal and political arguments.
This equipment included bulldozers, cranes, drilling rigs, and sidebooms—a cross between a bulldozer and a crane that could lay a section of pipe in a trench parallel to its tracks.
Several forty-foot sections of pipe were welded together and coated in concrete prior to the ceremony.
Work on the pumping stations and the Valdez Marine Terminal, which had begun in the fall of 1974, also was expected to take longer than laying pipe.
After the path was finalized came the augers and drillers for the holes that served as foundations for the Vertical Support Members that held up the pipe.
After arriving at the questionable weld under the Sagavanirktok River, an ultrasound was taken on the inside of the pipe.
Spring snowmelt flooded the river and battered the submerged portion of pipe.
A bulldozer had to be modified to carry 80-foot (20.4-meter) sections of pipe up the grade, but even then, most of the sections and equipment had to be lifted by helicopter to the canyon rim.
Although the project made strides toward completion in 1976, it did not meet Moolin's goal of having all pipe installed, insulated, and tested by winter.
Wilcox & Co. designed the 43-foot high pipe organ.
The method of the eco-costs is based on the sum of the marginal prevention costs (end of pipe as well as system integrated) for toxic emissions related to human health as well as ecosystems, emissions that cause global warming, and resource depletion (metals, rare earths, fossil fuels, water, and land-use).
When he's not on a couch surfing massive pipe, he can be found putting his Catch Surf or Tokoro boards to use.
Today, the entire Bekkestua Watershed has been led underground through a pipe system.
A tubular reactor consists of vertical or horizontal arranged tubes, connected together to a pipe system.
 Fritz Noack, internationally noted pipe organ builder, born in Greifswald, Germany, in 1938, moved to USA 1958
Mr. Thompson introduced the Vacuum Well and Filtervac pipe to the industry.
In 1998 for example, there was an opening ceremony started with a parade and several bag pipe bands played as the "World Highland Games Competitors" and the "World Muscle Power Classic Competitors" entered the field together.
The Pipe Rolls show that John spent over £17,000 on 95 castles during his reign spread; he spent over £500 at nine of them, of which Corfe was one.
Each cylinder exhausted into an individual pipe in the space between the cylinder blocks.
At the end of the pressure pipe is a flat plate about  square and 1 cm deep.
She played the piano, pipe organ and cello.
 Organ Pipe Cactus (1976)
After fixing the pipe herself, she then becomes the school's permanent principal.
There are numerous vocalists who pipe in strange poetry and lyrics amid a wash of strings and winds.
City Energy provides town gas pipe installation and town gas supply activation services.
 George Ashdown Audsley (1838–1925), architect, artist, illustrator, writer, and pipe organ designer
A portion of Pipe Fabrication was sold at a loss.
Shifting to the Western Pipe and Steel Company shipyard at San Pedro, California, on 5 August 1945, Yokes underwent 15 days of repairs there, during which World War II came to end with the surrender of Japan on 15 August 1945.
A 1990s owner left the heat turned off one winter, resulting in a burst pipe that caused severe damage to the structure, estimated to cost $4–5 million to repair.
 Carlie Pipe – long-distance runner and national record holder in the half marathon
A detonation flame arrester (also spelled arrestor) is a device fitted to the opening of an enclosure or to the connecting pipe work of a system of enclosures and whose intended function is to allow flow but prevent the transmission of flame propagating at supersonic velocity.
The screw doesn't rotate in a pipe but has a fixed encasing which simplifies the design further.
River stingrays create water currents with their fins to suck food out of a PVC pipe.
Because of this, the town hall kitchen got back its casing pipe, which was once demolished.
Another crossing (Peronne Road) built during World War II was a causeway with the creek being limited to a small pipe.
The theater has a professional lighting and sound system, a large movie screen and projection room, and a historic pipe organ.
For example, the uncommon infected in "Hard Rain" are infected road workers that are still wearing protective ear pieces, making them immune to the lure of pipe bombs.
The fire started in the cloakroom due to a patron failing to extinguish a tobacco pipe properly before placing it in his coat pocket, and early efforts to extinguish it by the staff failed.
A spoolbase is a shore-based facility used to facilitate continuous pipe laying for offshore oil and gas production.
Geoff Marshall and Vicki Pipe visited Pilning in 2017 as part of their All the Stations project, attracting local media attention to the station's status.
After the war he lived briefly in Los Angeles before settling in Portland where he owned seven pipe shops and later two nightclubs during World War II.
The wall inlets are connected to the power unit by tubes that can be run inside walls, or through vertical pipe chases, closets, the attic, basement, or the cold air return ducts (if permitted by building code).
Vacuum system designs share with DWV designs a concern about eliminating internal roughness, ridges, burrs, sharp turns, pockets, or other obstructions to smooth flow that might cause build-up of material into pipe blockages.
In some jurisdictions, fire code regulations require that an intumescent firestop collar be installed around the pipe when it penetrates a firewall.
The main advantage of plumbing pipe is widespread availability, slightly larger diameter, and thicker walls.
The primary disadvantage is that the thicker material makes pipe less flexible, heavier, and somewhat more difficult to work with.
Also added in 1905 were a roller rink, with a pipe organ included in 1906, both firsts in the region, and a boxing ring, with matches organized by boxer Tommy Ryan.
These general-purpose battens are 54 feet long, 1.5-inch schedule 40 black pipe, with a loading capacity (live load/arbor space) per batten approximately 30lb/linear foot.
On this label he released an album, Pipe Dreams, in 2010.
It was released by Pipe Dreams Records, Salling's own label, in partnership with Fontana Distribution.
The company's activities include melting iron and steel smelting, seamless steel pipe, machinery manufacturing, power generation, international trade, and others.
Synthetic fence posts are placed into pre-dug holes, or sometimes the synthetic post is fitted over a pre-set post of wood, rebar, or pipe for additional sturdiness.
United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United States and Canada (UA)
It can also be seen in the music video for Wings' hit Mull of Kintyre, filmed in Saddell Bay and featuring the Campbeltown Pipe Band marching along the beach.
On April 21, 2002, The New York Times reported that Bernie would accompany the silent film Go West (1925 film) starring Buster Keaton at the restored Lafayette Theater in Suffern, New York, a restored 1921 movie theatre that had installed a restored Wurlitzer pipe organ.
The chimney, located in the center of the building, was built of bricks, and fitted with an iron pipe and cook stove.
Located somewhere on the level is a supply of water, either a  finite amount pooled at various locations or an infinite amount flowing from a pipe.
In Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Cask of Amontillado", the narrator claims he has received "a pipe of what passes for Amontillado".
Due to its bidirectional strength, molded grating can tolerate cutouts in the panel to allow pipe or equipment penetrations without requiring additional support around the opening.
An exhaust pipe resembling an extremely small funnel was fitted so heat could be supplied within the ship.
 2008 With The Flame In The Pipe (Liquid Recordings)
The film, a love story that takes place in a drain pipe, received the President's Gold Medal Award and the National Film Award for Best Feature Film.
 Steve Babb – bass, pipe organ, percussion, Mellotron, piano, harp, loops, programming, Minimoog and backing vocals
During the Friday practice sessions, Alonso tested a modified rear wing, which directed air onto its flap and onto the diffuser's leading edge via a curved pipe.
Sutil was close behind Barrichello in ninth when an oil pipe in his car failed into 130R turn, causing smoke to billow from his rear of his engine.
Pipe Hall gallery (Finland)
The song goes: "And none as he so merrily / Could pipe all hands ahoy".
In earlier seasons, this was done with a pipe system, though in later seasons, open-top cars or cars with a sunroof are used.
Seth Morgan is also a ledger artist and pipe maker, in addition to working with beads, making bows and arrows, and writing poetry.
 David Palmer – portative pipe organ, synthesizers
The coax produced during the war was rigid air-insulated pipe, and this remained the case for some time afterwards.
It resumed operation on 16 December from Tianjin Railway Station to Tianjin Pipe Corporation Station.
Early 2016 - Tianjin Pipe Corp Station to Citizen Plaza section resumes operation.
They then find out that the pipe has been taken by some Moroccans who use it as a pole for a soccer goal.
In September 2014 Rimbaud released his latest 10-song album, "Put That dream in Your Pipe and Smoke It," recorded in New York City and released on Subway Sun records.
A portable navigation light which should have been removed prior to diving imploded, and a topside pipe stanchion recently installed for safety purposes collapsed because no compensating holes had been drilled.
 While a 0.25% strain is too small to take advantage of, it is more than enough to cause stress relaxation in many interference-fit applications such as pipe couplings.
One possibility was to build on the existing vox humana which could be found in some pipe organs.
5 February: The RIRA were responsible for a pipe bomb attack in which a couple were injured in Newcastle, County Down.
The device, which was in a van parked outside the motor tax office in Upper Queen Street, contained three pipe bombs and three fuel containers.
The same man had been targeted in a pipe bomb attack on his home on 25 October, the RIRA did not claim responsibility for the attack, but security forces believe they were responsible for it.
3 February: The RIRA claimed responsibility for throwing a pipe bomb at Oldpark PSNI station in Belfast.
30 May: The IMC blamed the RIRA for a pipe bomb attack on a house at Windmill Court, Dungannon, County Tyrone.
16 February: The RIRA admitted responsibility for a viable pipe bomb device that was found outside a home in Magherafelt, County Londonderry.
22 October: The New IRA claimed responsibility for throwing a pipe bomb at a PSNI vehicle in the Bogside area of Derry.
7 October: A pipe bomb was thrown at a PSNI mobile patrol on Crumlin Road, North Belfast.
Secondly the many pipe connections to the outer shell were left undisturbed, making the operation quicker.
Development moved from Promethean Designs to Pipe Dream Interactive, Majesco's internal developer.
DiBiase struck Orton with the pipe and Cena performed an Attitude Adjustment on Orton.
Dan Schok: Project engineer for Flowline, supplier of the 34-inch-diameter 130-foot-long pipe being transported by Jessee in episode 2.
Stripped of his power, the plague-riddled priest succumbs to kneeling and prayer, while his monks succumb to frantic pipe organ-playing as the hell of flames erupts all around them, creeping ever closer to the sounds of liturgical hymns and chaos.
A team of archaeologists spent three weeks at the site and their findings included: oyster shells, glass shards, coal, nails, ceramic pipe stems, a 1918 liberty dime, and a Yoo-hoo bottle, all of which provide clues to the history of the area, and the buildings occupying it since the 19th century.
Sfc, 1.13 lb/(hr lbf) with jet pipe temperature of 606°C.
Waltz, in an interview, pointed out that the calabash was Tarantino's allusion to Sherlock Holmes, who smoked a similar pipe.
The pipe organ and choir stalls are renaissance (around 1566).
When it is revealed that Connor has been sleeping with both Carol and Whitney, Bianca attacks Connor with a metal pipe, leaving him hospitalised.
Before he was offered a lucrative break in cricket, Irfan contemplated giving up the game and was working for a plastic pipe company.
The spillway on the right abutment consists of a pipe culvert with a diameter of 1 m. The headwater stream is known as the Birnbaumgraben or Bach vom Birnbaumteich ("Birnbaumteich brook").
Brother 5 was the arrogant and sadistic monk who wore a plain white robe, regularly smoked a long pipe, and spoke with a high squeaky voice.
It is a new take on the Pipe Mania concept, adding arcade elements such as multiplayer gameplay and changing the format to a filled board with rotatable blocks rather than being able to place new blocks on the board.
In most images, he is shown holding either a stave, pipe, or orb.
Pipe welding uses special joint configurations, namely butt, socket and saddle/sidewall, each with its own welding procedures.
Socket fusion welding uses male and female heating tools attached to a hot plate to heat the exterior of the pipe and the interior of the socket simultaneously.
Saddle/sidewall fusion welding is used for joining saddle fittings onto the sidewall of a pipe to create branches.
The saddle fusion machine applies welding force through the centerline of the pipe.
The scanning system made specifically for this testing method carries the probe around the joint of the pipe during inspection.
Induced by cold temperatures or if there is a large gap between the pipe and fitting.
The Cordenio Severance House has two Neoclassical columned porticos, a  veranda, a formal ballroom with a pipe organ, three fireplaces, and an English rose garden.
Paul Santo - Hammond organ, pipe organ, percussion, engineer
Its Casavant Frères pipe organ dates from 1953.
A pipe would not cross itself but it might cross others.
Additionally, the dowser must demonstrate that the dowsing reaction works on an exposed pipe with the water running.
Two-thirds of the pegs placed by the dowser must be within  of the center of the pipe being traced for the trial to be a success.
For example, a dripping tap is less significant than a leak from a six-inch pipe carrying high-pressure radioactive steam.
April 13 – Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument is established.
December 2 – A pipe bomb planted by George Metesky explodes at the Paramount Theater in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 6 people.
Naturally, as Foghorn wants to get back at the dog with an even bigger prank, Daffy sells him something called the Chattanooga Choo-Choo where Foghorn carries the corn-cob pipe in his mouth for a smoke effect.
Daffy overhears Foghorn and the dog joining forces to pay him back and attempts to flee, but instead falls victim to the Pipe Full O' Fun Kit, whereas Foghorn says "You know, there might, I say, there just might be a market for bottled duck.".
Authorities built a temporary pipe to San Juan Bay in order to bring seawater to extinguish the fire, but the fire was extinguished before it could be used.
In the June 1904 accident, 33 workers died when cleaning the huge water pipe feeding the power station.
The free-standing self-contained case is made of white oak with hand-carved butternut pipe shades, which are gilded with 22 karat gold leaf.
7 October: a Catholic family in Larne, County Antrim survived a UFF pipe bomb attack.
11 January: a pipe bomb attack was made on the constituency office of SDLP politician Alban Maginness on Belfast's Antrim Road.
26 October: dissident UDA volunteers were blamed for throwing a pipe bomb at a group of British soldiers on Ardoyne Road, north Belfast, injuring a soldier and several RUC officers.
 3 January: a UDA volunteer died when a pipe bomb prematurely exploded in a derelict house on Winston Way, Coleraine.
6 July: dissident UDA volunteers from Tigers Bay were blamed for pipe bombing a Catholic home on Newington Avenue, north Belfast.
They were also blamed for pipe bombing the home of Mark Langhammer, an independent Labour councillor in Newtownabbey.
Surviving records of the Exchequer Pipe Roll of the reign of Henry I show that the Jews of England constituted a major source of royal revenue to the Crown early in the twelfth century.
The parishioners collected 4,050 francs for the pipe organ, produced by Walcker Orgelbau in Ludwigsburg.
(*1903–1991*) from Göttingen created the new pipe organ in 1977.
The building has never been wired for electricity, and is heated by a wood stove with a winding funnel pipe leading to the chimney.
Giant Sixshooter, Humphreys Gun Shop, 124 E. Garfield Ave., Del Rio, The sixshooter is made of a barrel, stove pipe, and stucco.
Wilhelm Sauer (1831–1916), German pipe organ builder
2)Appended was a copy of the Dialogue concerning the Exchequer (De Scaccario), erroneously ascribed to Gervase of Tilbury, now believed to be by Richard FitzNeal; also a Latin dissertation by Madox on the Great Roll of the Exchequer (the Pipe rolls).
He attacks Peter and Bo Peep using a magical pipe.
There are ball dispensers made out of PVC pipe, full of balls, at each corner of the field.
The interior space, although now missing some of its religious trapping due to its deconsecration, retains a number distinctive 19th-century features, including stencilwork on the walls and cornice, an 1840s pipe organ, and kerosene light fixtures.
The tank held 15,000 barrels of water when full and was connected to the ground by a  diameter supply pipe.
 Plastic Pipe Fittings and Compounds
That small building then became known as the Cyrus Sherk Pipe Smoking House.
A pipe system leads to a central water tower near Liebenburg, where the waters of the nearby Grane Dam are also collected.
He went down to the garage and using a piece of lead pipe he beat his father to death.
  - Xinli, Dongli Economic Development Area, Xiaodongzhuang, Junliangcheng, Tianjin Pipe Corporation
Following their success of PVC pipe in the construction industry, the company established operations in the United States during the 1970s.
Of note was the loss of the battalion's pipe and drum band, which joined the 2/25th en masse.
A post-wall waveguide, or substrate integrated waveguide, is a more recent format that seeks to combine the advantages of low radiation loss, high Q, and high power handling of traditional hollow metal pipe waveguide with the small size and ease of manufacture of planar technologies (such as the widely used microstrip format).
1361 (d.): John de Pipe
David Rockefeller, members of the Rockefeller family, and members of the church commissioned organbuilder Sebastian M. Glück to design and build the Laurance Spelman Rockefeller Memorial Pipe Organ in 2006.
So in the event of the surge, the majority of the pressure is absorbed in the liquid and pipe, and just that quantity of liquid which is necessary to relieve pressures of unsafe proportions is discharged to the surge relief tank.
Altogether he built about 200 organs for cathedrals and churches and supplied pipe work and parts to organ builders throughout Australasia.
However, it is possible to use an electrical tool to solder joints in copper pipe sized from .
These fittings are short sections of smooth pipe designed to slide over the outside of the mating tube.
Since copper pipe quickly conducts heat away from a joint, great care must be taken to ensure that the joint is properly heated through to obtain a good bond.
At that time philanthropist Elizabeth Plankinton donated a $10,000 pipe organ.
Doofenshmirtz, Perry, and the lake water reach the pipe lines next to the theater's basement where the boys and Candace are.
A flue is a duct, pipe, or chimney for removing exhaust gases to the outdoors.
A UDA member was killed when the pipe bomb he was handling exploded prematurely.
Hydraulic compressors have a hydraulic pump to push air through a pipe, which forces a motor to spin.
A pipe structure without sharp corners or dead-heads can help maintain pressure and an efficient passage for compressed air.
The central region, 4.1 cm in diameter, was filled by a quartz light pipe.
 Elsie Hamilton, booklet on the modes of ancient Greece, with detailed examples of the construction of Aolus (reed pipe instruments) and monochord, which might help reconstruct the intervals and modes of the Greeks
This measure lowers pressure in the pipe.
Billboard Live: Palomar, Five-Eight, Sweet Vine, Haynes Boys, Fountains of Wayne, Super 8, The Verve Pipe, Sufferbus.
John Brombaugh (born 1937), American pipe organ builder
 Seamus Egan – drums, pipe, whistle, penny whistle
A slotted pipe buried in the sand that either passes through the dam wall or is connected to a simple hand pump situated on the river bank
Gray & Davison was a large-scale manufacturer of church and cathedral pipe organs, based in London.
The New York Times wrote, "a mellow, evenly paced British film that renders to Holmes what Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would have rendered to him: Interest, respect and affection...Mr. Wontner decorates a calabash pipe with commendable skill, contributing a splendid portrait of fiction's first detective.
It features a theater pipe organ.
 Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group
In England, the name was first found in Norfolk, where Roger Cusin was listed in the pipe rolls in 1166.
David Balls of entertainment website Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars writing, "With its wistful chorus and cool-but-insistent beats, it's an affecting slice of break-up disco given a frisson of distinction by some authentically Chilean pan pipe flourishes [...] this has all the right ingredients to become a very big hit."
She then spent 84 days in London, unloading  of pipe into a cable laying ship, and unloading the remainder at the dock.
As the ship’s pipe and cable-handling fittings had been left intact she was chartered by AT&T, 23 February 1956, and converted to a cable transport and layer.
In 1130, at Michaelmas, Henry allowed Beauchamp to not pay geld on his lands in Berkshire, and he is mentioned in the 1130 Pipe Roll as still living.
The pipe diameter is   and it had original capacity of 10 billion cubic meters of natural gas per year at .
As of 2004, for 11% the main source of water supply was a public stand pipe, for 5.6% it was a protected well.
The vessel was used to position the large containment dome and also to attempt the "top kill" in which large quantities of drilling mud were pumped down the Q4000 drilling pipe into the failed Deepwater Horizon blowout preventer valve (BOP) in an attempt to stop the flow of oil.
Basset is recorded in the Pipe Roll of 1130 as having performed judicial functions in 11 different shires, even though by this point he was already dead.
Indeed, each pipe sounds only if the small finger-hole drilled on its side is closed.
A small ball of wax pressed onto the base of the reed is used to fine-tune the pipe to give the orchestra a homogeneous sound.
To deter other girls from running away and talking to the authorities, the traffickers make an example out of Raya by brutally raping her with a metal pipe in front of them.
The area was also called Downs in the early 1900s after the Downs Pump Station, operated by the Eureka Pipe Line Company.
This novel won a Spur Award and Medicine Pipe Bearer Award for best first novel from the Western Writers Association, a WILLA Literary Award and the American Book Award.
It is made of stainless steel pipe and is 24' x 40' x 30' in dimension.
To further reduce tail pipe emissions, the exhaust system would be fitted with three way catalytic converters.
In May 2012, Perodua issued a recall order for both the Alza and its first-generation pre-facelifted hatchback MyVi for an extension of an air-conditioning pipe that previously could cause rust on the steering rack.
The most well-known instrument is the qeej, a type of reed pipe, in which each tone corresponds to a Hmong spoken word.
The more popular  is a free-reed pipe and is a longer flute than the raj lev les.
In the early 2000s St. Joseph became a proud owner of a Dobson Pipe Organ opus 2000.
Leigh Hodgetts, CRD Waterworks superintendent, reported that the westernmost section of the flowline is still used to carry Sooke's water supply, via a 16 inch interconnecting pipe feeding the Sooke distribution system from Charters Creek to Sooke River Road.
The engineering firm, Sanderson and Porter, specified 40-inch pipe, but the company already had 42-inch molds made up so they decided to use them instead.
All trees on the  right of way were cleared so that they could not fall and crush the pipe.
During their routes they were on the lookout for cracks in the pipe, leaky joints and trespassers.
Parts of the newly constructed pipe got taken out by landslides and repair was difficult since the construction railway no longer existed.
The pipe had begun to show its age with many leaks and damage from falling trees and rocks.
This portion was routinely patrolled to make sure marijuana grow ops weren't tapping into the pipe and to do periodic patching up as best as possible, but it still had many leaks.
Finally in late 2009 it was replaced with a PVC pipe buried under the Galloping Goose Regional Trail.
There is a growing movement to have heritage protection put on the pipe and have it transferred to CRD Regional Parks.
As a part of a beautification project around the CRD, plain, boring electrical boxes were outfitted with decorative images of the pipe trestles.
Wells Regional Park - the pipe terminus is at the Humpback Reservoir (Mt.
Continue walking up the road for 15 minutes where you will see the pipe cross.
The pipe was not meant to be walked on as a trail and some parts could be dangerous.
The lack of moss actually makes the pipe more slippery.
As the walk gets closer to Harbourview Road, the pipe opens up due to this part being frequented by mountain bikers.
The flowline passes quite close to the back yards of residences and some homeowners have even claimed the pipe corridor as their own, which is not the case.
Jon Gilutin – keyboards, acoustic piano, electric piano, programming, pad, Indian pipe
The site core had a complex drainage system that channelled runoff rainwater through sections of ceramic pipe in order to maintain the structural integrity of the architecture.
These cracks usually start at a crater pipe and extend longitudinal in the crater.
It was equipped with a large pipe organ, built ca.
 CSPI (Corrugated Steel Pipe Institute) Quality Guideline
The reservation's current boundaries are the result of an Executive Order due to watershed acts during 1932 when President Hoover downsized the size of the grant from 67,000 acres to roughly 900 acres to enable the city of Los Angeles to pipe water from Bishop to Los Angeles County without negotiating a right-of-way with the Paiute.
He was recalled from Paris in 1590, and held no major posts thereafter, although he was given the sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe from 1596 to his death.
These plants are fabricated from aluminium piping and the welding on these plants proved challenging in the early stage of pipe fabrication.
Pipe rolls record it as Rodestona in 1163, Rodestūn in 1167 and Rudston in 1198.
Other methods are the use of wadis (basically V-shaped ponds dug in the earth) or by simply planting the trees in holes inside/over the water pipe itself.
The instrument was rebuilt in 2005 by the Peragallo Pipe Organ Company of Patterson, NJ.
The church owns a 1927 Skinner pipe organ, which is still operational and used during Sunday services.
The wooden Gothic Revival case for the church's original pipe organ is along the loft's south wall.
Kearsley pipe bridge, River Irwell, Kearsley, Bolton (washed away in floods February 2020)
The waste pipe leads him into the sea, there he is swallowed by a fish.
Nothing is known of the Val-de-Grâce pipe organ before the French Revolution, when it was dismantled and dispersed, apart from the name of its builder, Germain Pilon, who also built the organ at St. Louis des Invalides.
Verve Pipe, Goober & The Peas, The Electric Six & The Detroit Cobras.
During the company's early years, Kilgen primarily built and installed tracker action pipe organs for small churches in the Midwest.
By December, Johnston was using the drug regularly and became more violent and delusional, resulting in an attack on Kemper, who was hospitalised after Johnston hit him over the head three times with a lead pipe.
More recent works have addressed the problem of adaptation on structured parallel programming, in particular for the pipe skeleton.
The supported task parallel skeletons are Branch & Bound, Divide & Conquer, Farm, and Pipe, auxiliary skeletons are Filter, Final, and Initial.
The system relied heavily on functional programming properties, and five skeletons were defined as higher order functions: Divide-and-Conquer, Farm, Map, Pipe and RaMP.
Other factors that do not impede the sensory motor mapping needed for vocal imitation are gross oral deformations such as hare-lips, cleft palates or amputations of the tongue tip, pipe smoking, pencil biting and teeth clinching (such as in ventriloquism).
These flat-topped, steep-sided subglacial volcanoes were formed when magma intruded into and melted a vertical pipe in the overlying Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
Clemmer owned at least two theaters including the Dream Theater in Seattle's Kenneth Hotel (the first in the U.S. to feature a pipe organ) and built the Clemmer Theater (1912).
Drinking-tube and tobacco pipe in North America
2017/05/20: GitHub Branch created to initiate development of SWMMLINK 1D Pipe network to ANUGA 2D Dr. Ole Nielsen, Assoc.
Sidestream smoke is smoke from the lighted end of a cigarette, pipe, or cigar, or tobacco burning in a hookah.
On October 15, 1941 the Taganrog Metallurgical Pipe Factory finished its evacuation for Kamensk-Uralsky in Ural.
Wallbank was married to the Revd Prebendary Newell Eddius Wallbank, a long-time Rector of St Bartholomew the Great in Smithfield, and a noted musician and scholar of the pipe organ.
It also features some of the director's funniest reaction shots, including a little old lady who pauses to tune her voice on a pitch pipe before screaming."
Also, the lab has been involved in other activities related to robotics and interactive media, winning for example the "Best Pipe Inspection Robot Design" at the Schlumberger i-Design course competition, and being involved in activities related to winning the bid and preparation for hosting the World Robot Olympiad (WRO) in Abu Dhabi in 2011.
The return water pipe to the radiator was considered particularly vast.
Steve Pipe – vocals (2002–2003)
At some point, the bridge was altered with the addition of a sewer pipe.
In order not to pollute the water in the reservoir unnecessarily, sewage from Altenau and Schulenberg is led away in a separate pipe around the Oker Reservoir to the Goslar-Oker sewage farm.
Harry Stage had broken both legs and his pelvis after falling through the 16 inch pipe.
At present, the pipe is blocked with silt, with the result being that only a small amount of water can flow through in the wet season.
There was also a pipe that led from the same village and supplied water to the cavalry lines.
Its pipe organ was donated by Andrew Carnegie.
The pipe organ sits upon the choir loft over the west front entrance.
Majka's father, Stefan (Wladyslaw Kowalski), spends his time fixing a pipe organ in their apartment.
Hull's conviction was reversed in part when the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit ruled possession of a pipe bomb in and of itself did not constitute a federal "crime of violence".
That pressure is reduced at the surface by the weight of oil and gas the riser pipe, but this is only a small percentage of the total.
In the late 1980s, Atherton had been approached by the water sector to examine some challenges with large diameter pre-stressed pipe rupturing, along with corrosion on the pre-stressing wires.
"About the Pressure Pipe Inspection Company".
"History of the Pressure Pipe Inspection Company".
The number of shrievalties was unusual, and is known from the Pipe Roll of 1130.
In 2015 the pipe organ in the sanctuary was rebuilt and enlarged by R.A. Colby of Johnson City, TN.
Henry I's only surviving pipe roll, for 1129–30, shows that Eustace served jointly as justiciar of the north along with Walter Espec, and had custody of the former capital of the Northumbrian earldom, Bamburgh Castle.
Workers doubted that water would go down through a pipe and then go uphill on the other side.
On January 27, 1956, he performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City as a clarinet and reed pipe (recorder) soloist of the Macedonian State Ensemble of Folk Dances and Songs.
The vow that Tale Ognenovski made on June 21, 1943 in the forest near the village of Lavci and which Tale Ognenovski fulfilled his promise after the war: Tale Ognenovski performed as clarinet and reed pipe (‘kavalche’) soloist with Macedonian National Ensemble for Folk Dances and Songs "Tanec" in Carnegie Hall, New York City, USA on January 27, 1956.
Tale Ognenovski played as clarinet and reed pipe (recorder) soloist for most parts of the programme, including the Macedonian folk dances "Bride's Dance" ("Nevestinsko Oro"), "Chupurlika", "Sopska Poskocica" ("Shopska Podripnuvachka"), "Kopachka", "Shepherd's Dance" ("Ovcharsko Oro"), "Soborski Igri", Macedonian songs, Serbian folk dances and songs and "Shote", an Albanian folk dance.
I'll never forget the difficult Macedonian dance from Macedonian shepherds... and the man with the reed pipe... Every dance and song has great impact and is rewarded with extraordinary amounts of applause.
Tale Ognenovski was clarinet and reed pipe (recorder) soloist with Ensemble "Tanec" during their tour of France from September 20 until November 25, 1959.
My MPC Is A Pipe Bomb
The Singi  pipe is used to suck impure blood from wounds.
 He also talked about the calumet, or peace pipe, in lectures in 1925 in California and in New York in 1926.
His performance piece "From Peace Pipe to War Trail and Back Again" was characterized as evoking the "nobility, patience, inherent goodness, romance, traditions, faith and suffering of his people."
They find Reggie and Hank (maintenance men), searching for an undiscovered pipe blockage that has been causing hotel-wide problems, but they haven’t seen Eugene.
The tobacco company W. Ø. Larsen has a small pipe museum in the building.
The chandeliers and candelabra, formerly gaslight, are electrical but use the original fixtures, and the pipe organ, built by the Cincinnati firm of Koehnken and Company is still in place (although in need of restoration).
By the time of King Henry I, most revenues were paid into the Exchequer, the English Treasury, and the first records of the Exchequer date from 1130, in the form of the first surviving Pipe Roll for that year.
However, not all revenue went into the Exchequer, and some occasional taxes and levies were never recorded in the Pipe Rolls.
When the lyrics begin, she sits on a throne wearing an elaborate headpiece and binocular-like eyepieces, with a smoking pipe in her hand, watching her dancers perform a rigorous routine in the snow.
By 1900 they agreed to build the plant in Gunnison, with  of pipe to support cutting stations.
The axes of the multi-axis machine are powered by electric motors and are synchronized to create a path for the torch and pipe that yield a desired profile.
These comprise a clamshell or chain-mounted cutting head holding a tool steel and feed mechanism which advances the tool a set amount per revolution round the pipe.
At the urging of friends, he wrote a memoir titled "My So-called Career(s)" still unpublished, and is working on a novel tentatively titled "Organ Pipe Incident."
Venturi effect: fluid pressure is reduced when a fluid flows in a more constricted section of a pipe.
Before the protests officially started, the campaign gained international attention on May 24, 1990 when the campaign leader, Judi Bari, and a fellow activist, Darryl Cherney, were involved in a pipe bomb explosion that critically injured them while they were driving through Oakland, California.
a pipe on top of a pump), which prevents the machine from touching all its feet to its base.
It featured large expanses of metal-framed glazing, pipe columns, exposed brickwork inside and out, and flat concrete slab roofs—a Bauhaus outpost on a Central Texas highway serving a uniquely modern American function.
Stevens and his brother William worked as apprentices for pipe organ manufacturer William Goodrich.
In some cases, white clay had been used to fill in these shapes, making them stand out far more against the red clay that made up the rest of the pipe.
The Cal Sag Channel was originally engineered as "essentially an open sewage pipe to convey human and animal waste downstream."
and organ pipe coral (Tubipora musica), can be found here.
The state highway intersects Old Bachmans Valley Road just south of the hamlet of Bachman Mills, where the highway crosses Big Pipe Creek.
The buildings are maintained to a high standard - they had a new pipe organ built by Orgelbau Vleugels in 2005.
The blower for the Johnson & Son pipe organ (Op.
The pipe organ was cannibalized for parts.
It involves world’s first drill pipe riser, subsea tree and early production riser (EPR) rated for .
Moller Pipe Organ Company in Hagerstown.
Internally, the building included a large hall, with corrugated iron sides and vaults supported by iron columns, with space for an orchestra at one end and a large pipe organ by Kirtland and Jardine.
On the May 30 episode of SmackDown!, Angle interrupted a staredown between Hogan and Mr. McMahon when he nailed Hogan with a steel pipe to the back of the head.
A small pipe placed at the bow leads to the anchor chain locker.
Today, Electrotherm is a diversified conglomerate having businesses in the field of Engineering & Projects catering to steel and foundry industry; transformer manufacturing; steel making; ductile iron pipe making; manufacturing of battery operated vehicles; renewable energy; transmission line tower and education.
Many of the events such as the snowboard cross, ski cross, and half pipe events acted as a prelude and set the tone for the Vancouver Olympics.
When clenched in his teeth, the pipe delivered the sounds – albeit very distorted – through his jaw to his inner ear.
The next day, with an unlit pipe clenched in his teeth, he searched through the chaos in the Navy Department, trying to find a receptive ear.
The spent oil shale, still including residual carbon (char), by the air pneumatic lift pipe to the delayed-fall combustor where it is combusted to heat the process.
The sanctuary was further enriched by the installation of a large high altar in 1880 and a pipe organ in 1900.
More detailed study of the written records left by Henry has cast doubt on some earlier interpretations: Robert Eyton's ground-breaking 1878 work tracing Henry's itinerary through deductions from the pipe rolls, for example, has been criticised as being too certain a way of determining location or court attendance.
He had a past conviction for making a pipe bomb.
All cases were recorded, first in the Plea rolls and then in the Pipe Rolls, which recorded the revenues and debts owed to The Crown.
February 10 – Rapper You the Rock was arrested for cannabis possession, after 2mgs of dried cannabis, along with related cannabis paraphernalia such as a pipe, were found at his home in Meguro, Tokyo.
A terrier smoking a pipe
The M69 was a plain steel pipe with a hexagonal cross section  in diameter and  long.
Richard Wright – Farfisa organ, vibraphone, trombone, vocals, pipe organs (where available)
From pipe suppliers and frac sand distributors, to oil and gas liquids themselves, the railroad's business opportunities grew.
The two manual pipe organ dates from 1893 and is by the builder Alexander Young.
Flames were reported to have been coming from a gas pipe until the gas was shut off.
Möller Pipe Organ Company's Opus 9987, built in 1965.
To overcome this problem, gases can be re-routed down a separate pipe and vented straight to the atmosphere, resulting in improved performance.
The 2004 Mitsubishi Endeavor was recalled in February 2010 when it was determined that a mixture of road salt and road debris (mud) might be trapped between a reinforcing bracket and the fuel filler pipe, causing corrosion.
The most recent innovations in flow devices combine fencing techniques which exclude beaver with pipe systems which deceive beaver.
Flexible Pond Leveler, Castor Master, Clemson Pond Leveler) achieve this by protecting the intake end of the pipe with a cylindrical fence enclosure.
The pond level is controlled by the height of the pipe in the dam.
A culvert pipe under a road is a common target for beaver damming because the constriction speeds up the current and may resemble a hole in a dam.
 Operation Pipe Dreams — drug paraphernalia
The organ was built by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders from Lake City, Iowa and arrived in August 2013.
The Pumphouse was commissioned by the Nottingham Corporation Water Department and was capable of pumping 20 million imperial gallons (91,000 m3) per day through  of  pipe from the underground sandstone Aquifer.
In the 1920s, American developed a proprietary Mono-Cast centrifugal casting method and increased pipe diameters to a record 24 inches (610 mm).
American took a lead role in use of this new iron to make large-diameter pipe that was thinner yet stronger.
In 1955, American shipped its first large order of ductile iron pipe.
It expanded its steel pipe business and acquired Waterous Company of St. Paul, Minnesota, to add fire pumps to its product line and increase market share in valves and hydrants.
Its Steel Pipe Division would also see major developments.
The company will invest $70-$90 million in the construction of a new facility, which will house the latest in pipe manufacturing technology.
American SpiralWeld, located on a  site in Columbia, South Carolina, manufactures spiral-welded steel pipe for use in water, wastewater, hydropower, and industrial applications.
 American Cast Iron Pipe Company at the Stuart A.
 Matthew Gloss: An employee from National Colour who is in East Carmine to conduct the Ishihara tests and supposedly fix a leaking magenta pipe.
From there it was pumped by a single cylinder beam engine through an  cast iron pipe to a service reservoir at Park Row.
computer monitors, printers, keyboards) and drainage pipe
A problem can have many causes: filters or valves may be clogged, terminal units and heat exchangers may have been replaced, a pipe may have been damaged during renovations, or a child's mischievous fingers may have left a shutoff valve half open.
He played an active leadership role within the newly structured National Park & Pipe Program, which targeted young athletes with the potential to be medal contenders at the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games.
In 2017 a new pipe organ was built by the Noack Organ Company of Georgetown, Massachusetts and installed in the church.
This made the boilers prone to priming, particularly on a rough sea, where water could be carried over into the steam pipe.
Torulopsis sonorensis (1976) from decaying parts of cacti, most commonly the Organ Pipe Cactus (Stenocereus thurberi), and from Drosophila mojavensis.
In cooperation with Golden Pipe he founded the shisha tobacco brand Orijinal.
In the fifth eclogue of the Shepheard's Pipe, 1615, which is inscribed to Brooke, Browne urges him to attempt more ambitious poetry than the pastorals which he had already completed.
The new two manual pipe organ dates from 1996 and is by the builder Kenneth Tickell and Company.
Chipp compositions were included in the 2007 Historic Organ Sound Archive Project [HOSA] and National Pipe Organ Register.
The present organ dates from 1988–90 and was built by Bellsham Pipe Organs (Aust.)
Simon Katich scored 221, Ian Harvey 153, Ant Botha 101 and James Pipe 106.
There were also tobacco pipe, clothing, arms, personal goods, and items for activities from the Blucke household.
The word cock was first recorded in use as a vulgar term for the penis in 1618, perhaps deriving from one of the word's other meanings: "a spout or short pipe serving as a channel for passing liquids through".
 Dezincification Resistant Brass, an alloy used to make pipe fittings for use with potable water
Mexichem acquired Dura-Line, a maker of HDPE conduit, duct and pressure pipe products for the telecom and data communications, energy and infrastructure industries.
No firm cause for the fire was established, but it was thought the most likely cause was that corrosion in one of the ship's funnels, or uptakes, may have led to a panel failing, causing incandescently hot soot to fall into the engine room, where it damaged a fuel oil or lubricating oil supply pipe and ignited the leaking oil.
She eventually caught on the Runton sewer pipe for some hours before beaching and breaking up.
Foghorn returns, throws a large metal valve pipe over Dawg's body and, much like a barber, uses a straight razor to remove the cream from Dawg's face.
It was subsequently determined that the pipe burst was caused by a fractured valve.
 (later known as USS Barnes (CVE-7) and HMS Attacker (D02)) (Western Pipe and Steel Company – San Francisco, California)
As a result, the following night on Raw, Sheamus attacked Triple H with a lead pipe, and it was announced that the two would meet in a Street Fight at Extreme Rules.
When Orton was leaving the ring, Sheamus came out carrying a pipe for his street fight with Triple H. At the start of the match, Triple H attacked Sheamus and executed a spinebuster.
As one can imagine, lifting up to 100 ft of iron pipe and cylinder from a well is no easy task and requires special tools, a tripod stand, the replacement parts, and most importantly, the know-how to do it.
Many of the surviving Robertson pastoral and union pipe sets displayed a U-bend in the bass drone; that bends back into the stock of the instrument, to reduce the length and stretch to tune the bass drone.
The first organ built by the Moe Pipe Organ Company is located at Riverside Lutheran Church of Wannaska.
Also in 1988, a 26-year-old Vancouver man was drowned when he attempted to swim through a small water pipe and got wedged under a concrete slab.
It still houses a huge but non-functioning pipe organ, which employed manually operated bellows to supply the organ with air.
It approved its first constitution on December 20, 2003 in Buenos Aires, Argentina; and was officially inaugurated on April 17, 2004 at the First South American Pipe Band Gathering in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Gatherings are typically opened by a Massed Bands Parade along a major city avenue, including all participating pipe bands and guests.
The Gatherings have hosted pipe band competitions and soloist competitions.
“Scottish Pipe Band Association of South America”, is officially translated into Spanish as “Asociación Sudamericana de Bandas de Gaitas Escocesas”, and into Portuguese as “Associação Sulamericana de Bandas Escocesas”.
His father was a radio broadcaster, his mother had studied violin, his paternal great grandfather was a pianist and pipe organist, and both his grandfathers played keyboard instruments, so from an early age music influenced his life.
The society's mascot is a 60" (1,524mm) pipe wrench known simply as the TOOL (formerly the RIDGID TOOL).
16 April: RAAD claimed responsibility for detonating a pipe bomb at a house on Balmoral Avenue, Derry.
6 December: RAAD claimed responsibility for planting five pipe bombs in Derry.
19 April: RAAD claimed responsibility for exploding two pipe bombs at houses in the Derry area.
21 April: RAAD were blamed for exploding a pipe bomb outside a house on Anderson Crescent, Limavady.
27 May: RAAD claimed responsibility for exploding a pipe bomb at a house in Springhill Park, Strabane.
3 June: RAAD were blamed for exploding a pipe bomb inside a parked car in the Ballycolman area of Strabane.
8 June: RAAD claimed responsibility for exploding a pipe bomb at the door of a house in the Ardgrange area of Derry, claiming the owner was a "career criminal" selling heroin.
21 November: RAAD were blamed for exploding a pipe bomb inside a man's car at Cromore Gardens, Derry.
Because the shell can't know it has all the output from the child until the pipe closes or the child dies, it waits until then before it starts another child process to run the second command.
It is the first church in Iowa to have a pipe organ.
He also teaches aspiring organists from different parishes and schools nationwide and gives pipe organ appreciation workshops.
The wind-pressure applied to an organ pipe affects its volume, pitch and character.
Pipe Major Stevie Saint
On the forecastle deck a windlass for working the winch was fitted, and an anchor of the stockless type housed in a long hawse pipe.
In 1995, almost two years later, The Gilbert’s returned with a new set of musicians: with Mario, Sérgio, and Magala - now on the trumpet - and the newcomers Dr. T on the keyboards, Zé Luis on the bass, Ruizão on the saxophone and half pipe Portuguese top skater Calota on the drums.
He sneaks away through a sewer pipe and emerges in the city's impoverished ghetto, where he takes shelter with gang member Bradley Throckmorton and his family.
I thought that was analogous to a crack addict who has no interest in events, he's only interested in where the bottle is, the crack pipe in relation to him.
Wright included a pipe organ for lunchtime entertainment, a lending library and a conservatory to allow employees to rest and commune with nature.
In the fall of 1896, a pipe organ was installed and Mr. Alber Dietz came from New York City as the first full-time organist and choir master.
This generally consisted of replacing the stock air intake and filter with a more race-ready one, as well as replacing the stock muffler system with a straight pipe exhaust.
He then asks Alice for a match, but when she doesn't have any, Dodo complains about the lack of cooperation and uses his pipe to light the fire.
In a pipe where the currents are flowing, we will have:
 l is the length of the pipe in cm.
 d is the internal diameter of the pipe in centimeters.
Maclean composed the pipe tune "Scarce O' Tatties", he has composed long and short poems, including "Maol Donn", also known as MacCrimmon's Sweetheart, which won him the Bardic Crown in 1967, and has produced novels in Gaelic, "Cumhnantan" (1997), "Keino" (1999), "Dacha Mo Ghaoil" (2005), and "Slaightearan" (2007), as well as his autobiography, "The Leper's Bell" (2009), in English.
A large pipe organ was placed in the church in the 1990s.
The church houses a fully functional 1904 Bates & Culley pipe organ.
At the same time it also raised a pipe band.
The 2 manual pipe organ dates from the rebuilding of the church in 1953 and is by Cousans of Lincoln.
The 3 manual pipe organ dates from 1908 and is by Brindley & Foster of Sheffield.
In its early years, its pipe organ, brass altar, and windows were deemed its most distinctive elements, all of which prompted a local author to declare that "both the exterior and interior are very attractive" in 1907.
The Monaco Grand Prix saw Siffert retire with a broken oil pipe and Rodríguez finished ninth.
The painting portrays pure innocence as Millais took the opportunity to paint his grandson because of how exquisite he looked while holding the pipe to make bubbles.
This had a temperature controlled valve which could divert the exhaust gas from the exhaust pipe through a heat exchanger incorporated into the engine cooling system, thus allowing quicker heating up to engine operating temperature and assisting passenger comfort in colder weather when the engine was not providing enough waste heat in the normal way.
 Vacuum Underdrain Pipe - improves efficiency in shallow dewatering
The enclosed area had been drained by two  pumps – on a number of occasions fresh water springs were encountered, which were managed by enclosing the spring in a cast-iron pipe, and by surrounding the area with chalkstone.
The chapel houses a 1911 Blackett & Howden pipe organ.
The initial explosion also damaged the pipe manifold outside of the dike wall and petroleum pouring out under pressure ignited.
The only departure from the original building was a concealed ms pipe frame for structural stability in this earthquake prone zone – a necessity to obtain relevant building permissions.
The church has a pipe organ of 42 speaking stops based on by JJ Binns of Leeds.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1967 by Hill, Norman and Beard, replacing an earlier three-manual organ of 1888 by J. C. Bishop and Son.
He died on 19 December 1953 in Vera de Bidosoa of tongue cancer caused by his fondness for pipe smoking and snuff.
World 1-1 includes a few secrets that players can discover by replaying, such as a pipe leading to a bonus room and a hidden block containing a 1-up.
This shipyard has repaired and delivered 6 Jackup rigs of Gross Tonnage in between the range of 6000 to 12000 Tonnes, 1 Pipe Laying and Heavy lifting Accommodation Barge, 1 Offshore supply vessel and 1 Coast Guard Ship.
The rear fuselage section was occupied by the reheat pipe, final nozzle, the main undercarriage a pair of rear air brakes, and two further bag-type fuel tanks.
The Pipe organ was built in 1895 by the Gebroeders Ademaand was restored in 1916 and 1983 by Bakker & Timmenga.
Some Manduva houses will not have open top, instead it is closed, and a pipe is fixed just above.
It was again enlarged about a century after that and possesses a monumental Pipe organ that was built from 1783 to 1788 by L. van Dam & Zn.
On the West gallery is a monumental Pipe organ, built in 1871 by P. van Oeckelen 
The cathedra (Bishop's chair), hand carved by a local artist, was installed in 1993, as was the current pipe organ.
It wasn't your looks that charmed me, I saw the way you smoked your tobacco pipe, The rest is history.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1852 by John Banfield, rebuilt in the 1880s by Richard Tubbs and, between 1920 and 1940, was rebuilt again and moved to its present position at the northeast of the nave by Jardine and Company.
The historic pipe organ was built in 1865 by Willem Hardorff from Leeuwarden.
Futa observed a rotten rainwater pipe which blew out water, and it gave him the idea for the reversed siphon system, a method of sending water to higher land.
Robert Maclellan was involved in a skirmish in 1666 at the Clachan Inn in nearby St. John's Town of Dalry, when he wounded Corporal George Deanes of the Royal Dragoon Guards by shooting fragments of his clay pipe into his leg.
In 1671 an old pipe dream of the House of Welf dukes came true when the joint armies of the different dynastic lines were able to capture the town of Brunswick and add it to their domain.
On excavation, an area of cracked pipe was found, but, due to heavy rainfall and imminent spring tides the damaged section was set into rapid-hardening concrete and the hole refilled.
It is built of cast iron and the water falls from a central pipe down over three levels.
The incumbent, Jules Pipe was elected for his third term as elected mayor of the London Borough of Hackney, at the first ballot, with a majority of 32,545.
Officials said the incident was a misunderstanding after al-Madadi attempted to smoke a pipe in the lavatory, then made "an unfortunate remark" after being confronted by two members of the Federal Air Marshal Service.
However, one cannot very well connect a conducting pipe of steel from the high voltage terminal to the ground.
There are many industry and government standards for pipe and tubing.
Fuel burning appliances, furnaces, chimneys, vents, gas pipe sizing and many other such issues are addressed in the IFGC.
A cache of weapons was found inside, which included "C-4 plastic explosives, dynamite, pipe bombs, hand grenades, fully automatic M-16, AR-15 semi-automatic rifles, sawed off shotguns, pistols, crossbows, and around a half-ton of ammunition".
The pipe ceremonies were viewed by the Cree people as a mark of the solemnity of the occasion.
Water is also disposed of through Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage method of extraction where steam is pumped into the ground to cause bitumen to flow into a lower pipe for removal.
One of Cathy's pipe dreams is to see him graduate from high school before she dies.
Jockey: Graham Lee; trainer: David Pipe.
Some point to Jordan de Minton, who was mentioned in the Pipe Rolls of Northumberland in 1169.
In Messina,  of pipe was examined and the relevant measuring instruments put in operation.
Atop the west wall of the quire is a locally built baroque pipe organ, parts of which date to 1711-1712, restored in 1997.
Above the ground floor windows, a second set of eight relief panels depict an Indian with a peace pipe, the Trapper, the Priest, the Pioneer, the Plainsman, Invention (a movie camera), Transportation (an airplane) and Arts (an artist with brushes and pencils).
The landslide which reportedly derailed the train is believed to have been caused by a burst irrigation pipe, or by a valve inadvertently left open.
 Roman lead pipe inscription
Flare-groove joints are used for welding metals that, because of their shape, form a convenient groove for welding, such as a pipe against a flat surface.
The pipe organ was installed in 1904 and new stained glass doors designed by the pupils of Bervie School were added to mark the millennium.
As Keith still lives with his girlfriend and Aura cannot bring him to her mother's apartment, the two crawl into a pipe in a construction yard where they have unprotected sex.
The building also has seven pipe organs that are considered to be among the most notable in Utah.
Two miners survived by breaking into an air pipe that led to the surface.
It is claimed to be the largest pipe organ in a Catholic church in Dublin and is very highly regarded.
The pipe organ, by Morton & Moody of Oakham, England, was installed in 1916 and the choir gallery was extended.
To achieve the artifact-ridden quality of the video, the editors pipe the footage through a videocassette recorder and the post-production crew literally hits the recorder in order to simulate a jump in the vertical synchronization.
Also, they were escorted to the Fernie City Hall celebration party by a RCMP honor guard and Fernie pipe band.
Pipe and Tabor) had already fallen out of fashion among Morris musicians by the time of Manning's writing, and that his quest for the Stanton Harcourt black whittle was part of a desire to rescue the instrument and its place in Cotswold Morris from oblivion.
In January 2013, the mall building was flooded with up to six inches of water from a pipe, in what was believed by Niagara County police to be an act of vandalism.
BP then inserted a riser insertion tube into the pipe and a stopper-like washer around the tube plugged at the end of the riser and diverted the flow into the insertion tube.
A final device was created to attach a chamber of larger diameter than the flowing pipe with a flange that bolted to the top of the blowout preventer and a manual valve set to close off the flow once attached.
The report found that on 20 April 2010, managers misread pressure data and gave their approval for rig workers to replace drilling fluid in the well with seawater, which was not heavy enough to prevent gas that had been leaking into the well from firing up the pipe to the rig, causing the explosion.
The report concluded that the primary cause of failure was that the blind shear rams failed to fully close and seal due to a portion of drill pipe buckling between the shearing blocks.
At a location where there is a change of cross-section or a change in local stiffness of the pipe, an echo is generated.
The pipe organ for Tim Hecker's album Ravedeath, 1972 was recorded at Fríkirkjan in July 2010.
Self-pressurising designs use the gas pressure in the top of the dewar to force the liquid upward through a pipe leading to the neck.
Most of the Nadderud Watershed () has been led underground through a pipe system.
Armed with guns, pipe bombs, and bulletproof vests, Frank and Libby sneak into Jacques' ranch, killing the first few guards they encounter.
Consumer complained about inaccurate billing and metering, pipe bursts, illegal connections, poor workmanship on installations, vandalism, overcharging and corruption.
Most of the creek system is now led underground through a pipe system.
 Walter Reginald Hume (1873–1943), Australian inventor and concrete pipe manufacturer
High quality church pipe organs were built in churches from the 17th century; a fine specimen has been preserved in Leżajsk.
He then pulls a C4 charge out of his pocket and once a hole is blasted in the wall opposite the door, revealing an exit pipe, both Garth and his father make an escape to a creek bed.
There were two images in the position of runner-up – one was an artistic rendition of a tobacco smoking pipe.
The nozzle of the weapon was located at the end of a long, thin pipe, which was connected to the backpack via a hose.
The long and thin cylindrical hydrogen tank was attached parallel to the pipe.
Several of Steen's paintings were created to illustrate proverbs including: "as the old sing, so the young pipe (soo de ouden songen, soo pijpen de jongen)" —meaning the youth will pick up poor habits like smoking by imitating adults.
Pablo Picasso also used the pipe in his piece called The Poet.
Women in these paintings are rarely the ones in possession of the pipe, and the Dutch artists meant to send a moral message that foolish behaviors like smoking will lead people into hardships.
That promise, along with two comfortable victories in novice chases, hallmarked by sound jumping, saw War Of Attrition sent off favourite in the Arkle Challenge Trophy Chase at the 2005 festival, where he could only finish seventh, 14 lengths behind the Martin Pipe trained Contraband.
The 2001 AK Pipe International Cup was played at this venue, with Abomooslem crowned as champions.
It has since been bought, restored, and renovated by the University of Delaware, installing a 1,234 pipe organ in the process.
It was followed by a Native American peace pipe ceremony, in which Ruhiyyih Khanum, Dr. and Mrs. Laszlo, and other dignitaries took part.
The 2010 Boston water emergency occurred on May 1, 2010, when a water pipe in Weston, Massachusetts, broke and began flooding into the Charles River.
By May 2, workers had stopped the spill and begun repairs on the pipe and MWRA officials reported steady water pressure on the night of May 2.
In 1869, Hobart Bigelow expanded his boiler manufacturing operation to a new location in Fair Haven, and in 1883 he established National Pipe Bending, which manufactured parts for use in his boilers.
In 1912, the church installed San Marcos's first pipe organ at the cost of $3,500.
It did have a dead man's switch designed to automatically cut the pipe and seal the well if communication from the platform is lost, but it was unknown whether the switch was activated.
In March 2010, the rig experienced problems that included drilling mud falling into the undersea oil formation, sudden gas releases, a pipe falling into the well, and at least three occasions of the blowout preventer leaking fluid.
The report says BP employees and those of Transocean did not correctly interpret a pressure test, and both companies neglected ominous signs such as a riser pipe losing fluid.
During the "negative pressure test", for which there was no detailed procedure, a "no flow" result from the kill line was accepted, while a 1,400 psi result on the drill pipe was ignored.
Rock Savage – drums, pipe
Each steam generator tube consisted of three turns, giving a greater heating surface for the number of pipe joints to be made.
While taking a break, House hears a sound similar to that of a person banging on a steel pipe.
The album features songs recorded on the 20th-century pipe organ at Copenhagen's rococo-style Marble Church.
The pipe organ features heavily in her work.
The fortress received water from an underground clay pipe leading from the Tsaghats Kar Monastery.
The mutants sabotage the sewer system by bending the main sewage pipe, which sends waste up to flood the surface.
Woody stems are fashioned into pipe stems (Hesquiat).
The company, in business since 1968, has manufactured and restored over 300 pipe organs throughout New Zealand, Australia and Oceania.
The Company regularly tunes and maintains over 300 pipe organs over Australasia.
The Aeolian Pipe Organ and its Music.
The showdown of selves illuminates just how little Gordon-Levitt's character has changed over the intervening years, stuck as he is in a feedback loop of drug use and violence despite his pipe dream of moving to Europe.
In 1891 the barrel organ was replaced by a pipe organ with two manuals and pedals.
The resulting instruments varied in size and use from portable organs worn around the neck to large pipe organs.
From the age of ten, barely able to reach the stops, Charlie played pipe organ at St. Paul's Episcopal Cathedral (Burlington, Vermont).
The only pipe that had been laid of 111 kilometers required was the 2.1 kilometer stretch from the reservoir to the treatment plant.
Rather, an incorrectly plumbed 6-inch length of pipe allowed water to flow freely among several ballast tanks that set forth a chain of events causing the platform to tip into the water.
In 1996 $14 million was expended on water & sewer pipe lines and connections to a future site for new facilities.
A tune that takes its name from this line, Steam Train to Mallaig, was composed by Mary-Ann MacKinnon in 1993, and is extensively played by the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards pipe band, including on their album Highland Cathedral.
However, it may be visible as a pipe on the right side of Route 27 in the area across from Stillwell Road when driving south.
In the church there is also a pipe organ constructed 1730–1732 by Andreas Silbermann, which is one of the best preserved works of the famous organ builder.
The bosun's pipe to resume work was sounded at 13:00, but the sailors decided that they would "go on strike" in protest instead.
Anton DeCurtins was instrumental in this building's history: he designed it, added its pipe organ, and expanded it in 1894.
The great pipe organ is made by Alfred Kern & Fils (1988) in a case of 1867 by the workshop of Eberhard Friedrich Walcker; however, there was already in the 15th century an organ documented in the building.
Dome Cathedral Pipe Organ
Invert Level is found through measuring the distance from the lowest level of a pipe, to a fixed datum.
Invert levels are important for the drainage of a non-pressured fluid pipe.
This will be the lowest point of the pipe, and also where the water will flow.
Their tuffic pipe could only be identified by seismo-electric methods.
A jurisdictional dispute between union contractors and plumbers over utility pipe construction at Andrews AFB led to the association's April 1964 foundation.
The church's 1897 pipe organ was donated by Andrew Carnegie through the influence of Charles Schwab.
May 14 – BP inserts  wide riser into the 21-inch-wide burst pipe.
May 31 – BP announces plan to slice the leaking pipe, placing a cap on it and channeling the oil to surface ships.
In the second round, O'Connor was 5–4 ahead of Justin Pipe but bust his score when on 70 and missed one match dart at double six to be beaten 6–5.
It is believed the fire was started by a ruptured water pipe which short circuited a coffee machine on the 6th floor of the building.
"HS": introduced in 1958 the float bowl can be rigidly or rubber mounted to the main body, fuel is transferred by an external flexible pipe to the jet.
Monk was beaten 3–0 by Justin Pipe in the first round of the 2014 World Championship as he lost each set by three legs to one with an average of just 78.64.
The scientific name for Solenopsis saevissima comes from the , which means pipe or channel, opsis, which means appearance or sight and the Latin saevissima, which means "the very cruel".
The building contains period stained glass windows, its original wooden altars and a pipe organ.
It travels in a pipe under Route 130, and then runs between a housing development.
There are two variations of offshore BOP in use; the sub-sea blowout preventer which sits on the ocean floor, and the surface blowout preventer which sits between the riser pipe and the drilling platform.
Blowout Preventers often contain a stack of independently-operated cutoff mechanisms, so there is redundancy in case of failure, and the ability to work in all normal circumstances with the drill pipe in or out of the well bore.
If one of the threaded joints between pipe sections is positioned within a shear ram, the ram would probably not cut through it, because the joints are "nearly indestructable".
13.5' x 16' stone foundation with a concrete sill with a water stand pipe and brick rubble inside.
The small bore shooting club, K.K.S.V Schulenburg/Calenberg, founded on 12 June 1928 built a firing range there in 1930 with a low-level target trap in a chalk pipe, and then a shooting lodge in 1932.
The community are also associated with the playing the gourd pipe, known as a been.
In 2012, he commissioned a significant addition to the Auditorium's historic pipe organ.
RCAHMS record of Allander Water, Pipe Bridge
Several hours after detection of pressure reduction in the line, the broken pipe was discovered flowing 50 to 60 US gallons (190 to 230 L; 42 to 50 imp gal) of oil per minute into the Red Butte Creek.
It 1986 it was recognized as the largest Pfeffer pipe organ in existence by the National Historical Organ Society.
With the plate packs, water is fed into the separator through gravity through the inlet pipe, then the mixture is spread evenly through the separation chamber where the coalescing plate packs are.
The planned Johanneszeche pumped storage hydropower station, rejected by the townsfolk of Lam, was to have located its upper basin on the Osser and an almost four kilometre long section of the pressure pipe was to be laid along an existing path.
Pipe Dream Blues: Racism and the War on Drugs (1991)
Soon Jones, the "Teddy" identified as John Joe's attacker, arrives, prompting Mick to savagely beat him with a pipe, despite his pleas for mercy.
A Kimball pipe organ was installed in 1894 and new light fixtures added in 1926.
The moon pool and 130 tonne traction winch allow the installation of flexible pipe.
It was half a century after the battle before the Pawnee and the Sioux smoked the pipe of peace during the Massacre Canyon Pow Wow in 1925.
It is one of the finest church pipe organs in North America, The organ console was replaced in 1960.
Erle married Ann Dymoke daughter of Francis Dymoke, and sister of Sir Henry Dymoke, and through her acquired the manors of Erckington and Pipe, Warwickshire, which he sold  to Sir Walter Devereux, Bt.
After Smetana retired, Murray joined Ardyth Lohuis to form the Murray/Lohuis Duo which performs music for violin and pipe organ, and created a new niche for artists of both instruments.
The Eriboll Formation contains the Basal Quartzite member, with a basal conglomerate overlain by the heavily bioturbated Pipe Rock member with its distinctive skolithos trace fossils.
Leifer said the pipe could be spewing  a day – the worst-case scenario BP had offered.
If there are hydrates "the will take a considerable amount longer" because the pipe connecting to the Horizon will have to be reinserted.
Diaphone, a type of organ pipe or horn
He succeeds in shutting down the Tevatron by smashing the beam pipe and in the process kills Simon.
His father, James Donald "Jim" McConaughey, was born in Mississippi in 1929 and raised in Louisiana, where he ran an oil pipe supply business; he played for the Kentucky Wildcats and the Houston Cougars college football teams.
In 1981, workers inadvertently reversed pipe restraints at the Diablo Canyon Power Plant reactors, compromising seismic protection systems, which further undermined confidence in nuclear safety.
It performs extended-period simulation of hydraulic and water-quality behavior within pressurized pipe networks and is designed to be "a research tool that improves our understanding of the movement and fate of drinking-water constituents within distribution systems".
The Solidstat is widely used for: resistance heater control, lighting control, motor speed control, pipe heating, tank & kettle heating, laminating press heater control, and medical equipment involving heating, lighting, and temperature controls.
In Pipe Dreams, Byrce writes of the rise and fall of Enron, including its ties to the presidential administrations of George W. Bush and Bill Clinton.
His pipe organ study began when he was 13.
 Tool Pipe for creating customized tools
Source: Details of the Walker Organ from the National Pipe Organ Register
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Wilkinson of Kendal in 1891, and has been modified several times.
A volcanic neck or plug is formed when magma from an existing volcano solidifies in the pipe or neck and the surrounding sediment is eroded away.
Contents: The pigeon on the gate ; Gillespies—Hill 60 ; The spring well—The pipe on the job ; Kitty's rambles—West the hill ; The Druid's field—The fries breeches—Banish misfortune ; Tatter Jack Welsh—Trim the velvet ; Berehaven—The groves of Slaney ; The iron gate—Paddy Ryan's dream ; Farewell to Cailroe—Finbarr Dwyer's no.
The platform was enlarged again in 1912, when the church purchased a pipe organ.
After a couple of years, Reverend Sheldon urged the congregation to secure a pipe organ.
The pipe organ is thought to be the city's first, and is still used today.
The Gold Coast Bulletin later reported the ride as being an Intamin Half Pipe roller coaster with an opening date scheduled for the September school holidays.
It includes two banks, a quarter pipe, and a variety of street obstacles.
He gives Brendan a steel pipe and tells him to kill his father.
In 1959-1962 he worked in various positions at Azerbaijan Pipe Manufacturing Factory.
The pipe is believed to have either been blown up and fallen down in the initial explosion on the rig.
The most outstanding feature inside is the main tribune pipe organ of 1897 (modified in 1934 and restored several times since), also classified as Monument historique.
 The transept pipe organ 
Garrison was the original owner of the theater, which had a $15,000 pipe organ and seated an audience of 700 people.
A pipe on the sternwheeler froze and rethawed, causing it to sink in January 1984, after which it was raised and restored.
Peacefully smoking a pipe, Imes could always be relied upon to bring to any discussion an atmosphere of philosophic soundness and levelheaded practicalness.
Mr.B raps, or "rhymes", about good manners, dressing with style and dignity, sophisticated society, pipe smoking and cricket while playing the banjolele.
1,000 were injured and approximately another 138,000 had been made ill by the polluted water supplies left after the storm had destroyed most of the water channels, sewerage systems and water pipe lines.
A frog effigy pipe was found in East St. Louis, St. Clair County, Illinois.
The "Chunkey Player"  is an  high by  wide effigy pipe found at the Caddoan Mississippian Hughes Site (34 MS 4);  north of Muskogee in Muskogee County, Oklahoma.
Stylistically it is very similar to the "Chunkey player" pipe found in Muskogee County, Oklahoma; having very similar anatomical proportions, facial details, hairstyles, and pose.
The pipe was discovered in a stone box grave at the Starr Village and Mound Group site in the Macoupin Creek Valley sometime late in the nineteenth century.
The effigy pipe is  by  by .
 Corn woman effigy pipe from Desha County, Arkansas
Teeth angled in the direction of turn dig into the soft pipe.
The cathedral contains two Klais pipe organs built in 1948 and 1998.
The RMC Band was first established in 1953 as a pipe and drum band with the addition of trumpets and bugles.
Major-This year marked the return of the pillbox hats and the first appearance of the RMC pipe band on a ceremonial parade.
The Pipe and Drum sections and Brass and Reed section are both authorized Canadian Regular Force voluntary bands.
Related devices include a USB endoscope, where the digital camera is fitted to a long length of cable and enables the camera to be used to inspect cavities which are otherwise difficult to examine (such as car engine interiors, pipe interiors, sewers and so on).
A  container dome is lowered over the largest of the well leaks and pipe the oil to a storage vessel on the surface.
It was initially dislodged when an underwater robot collides with the pipe.
The operational plan first involves cutting and then removing the damaged drilling riser from the top of the failed Blow-Out Preventer (BOP) to leave a cleanly cut pipe at the top of the BOP's LMRP.
BP announces plan to slice the leaking pipe, placing a cap on it and channeling the oil to surface ships.
The Nazis ready their U-boat's turret but smoke from Popeye's tobacco pipe causes it to sneeze and fire uncontrollably, knocking Popeye out cold and sending his spinach flying into the air.
This includes pipe fabrication, module fabrication and assembly, field as well as modular construction for onshore structures.
They were similar to the Erie Railroad's "Triplex" 2-8-8-8-2 pusher locomotives, in that the rear set of driving wheels exhausted through a pipe on the rear of the tender.
In time, all the water of both Temescal and Coldwater Creeks was diverted into pipe lines.
Grudie Power Station is situated at Grudie, taking water from several lochs, principally Loch Fannich through a tunnel emerging 0.5 miles from the station where a pipe network delivers it to the station.
Water was transferred from the reservoir through an 18,000-foot 16-inch cast iron pipe to Main and Market Streets in the old Johnstown Borough.
I stretched my lips out in the form of a pipe as far as possible and began to approach the "killer".
In summer, 2009, Faust played before a Swedish jury on the nyckelharpa and traditional mouthblown säckpipa, as well as demonstrating a bellows-blown säckpipa of his own invention, which he had invented to eliminate the effects of mouth-blown moisture on the pipe reeds, and allow the player to sing or speak while piping.
At first, both continue to argue about how dumb the plan was, but are joyous when they realize they aren't shackled together anymore, but their joy is short-lived when they look down and notice they're now connected by leg via a pipe.
The pipe organ was designed and built by David McDowell in Tucson and has thirty-eight ranks.
This bike retained the factories hand change mechanism although the positive stop foot change was to be seen on the other race bikes of that year, and also had a straight through exhaust pipe.
The second technique, placing a  containment dome (which had worked on leaks in shallower water) over the largest leak and piping the oil to a storage vessel on the surface, failed when gas leaking from the pipe combined with cold water formed methane hydrate crystals that blocked the opening at the top of the dome.
On May 29, BP moved to the Lower Marine Riser Package (LMRP) Cap Containment System by removing the damaged riser from the top of the blowout preventer and covering the pipe by the cap which connects it to a riser.
On February 2, 2014, a drainage pipe for a coal ash containment pond burst, sending 39,000 tons of coal ash into the Dan River and causing extensive water pollution.
Depending on the size and local practices, barn doors may be attached to the pipe or the instrument with their own safety cable.
Baradene commissioned Andrew to compose a setting of the "Jubilate Deo" for SSATB choir, full symphony orchestra and pipe organ as part of the Baradene College Centennial Concert in 2009.
The creek is subterranean for most of its length, having been enclosed in pipe.
His elder son was sent to Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas where he was treated for severe head injuries caused by blows to the head with a hatchet and a length of pipe.
Water from the lake passed through a  tall and  long brick pipe to the Bleecker Reservoir (now Bleecker Stadium) where the water was used for the portion of the city west from Pearl Street to Lark Street.
A hollow reed or sourwood stem would be inserted into the pipe for smoking.
Greenaway's biographer Rodney Engen described Afternoon Tea as an objectionable "pastiche" of Greenaway's style, with "shocking alterations", such as a boy furtively smoking a pipe and a darkened graveyard, in shades that Greenaway would never use.
Contractors began to fix the piping, however, work stopped when they discovered that the pipe was cast iron.
While he was an undergraduate at Aberdeen he played in the university dance orchestra, was a tympanist for the university symphony orchestra, a pipe band big drummer, and student show xylophonist.
The American Goat Society or AGS is a United States  corporation located in Pipe Creek, Texas and run by the Kowalik family.
 Garritan Classic Pipe Organs (sample library; 2012); consultant, recording producer
The Pipe Manufacturers Blue Book (2005)
The change from a pipe to a nicotine patch reflected changing social attitudes and broadcasting regulations.
The pipe organ, dating from 1910, is originally a Magahy instrument.
An exhaust pipe led back over the cabin and the upper wing.
The Gilman Portal site proved to be ideal, supporting very efficient mining and muck disposal operations and also allowing long pipe sections to be installed in the tunnel, significantly reducing the amount of field welding required.
in victory.Winner: French MusketeersEpisode 21: Comanche vs. MongolComanche team: Joaquin Gonzalez (Comanche Horseman), Jay Redhawk (Master Horse Archer)Comanche weapons: War Hawk, War Lance, Bow & Arrow, Scalping KnifeComanche armor: Hair Pipe Breastplate, Buffalo Hide ShieldMongol team: Munkhtur Luvsanjambaa (Native Mongol Historian), Jason Nguyen (Asian Combat Expert)Mongol weapons: Flanged Mace, Glaive, Bow & Arrow, IldMongol armor: Leather Lamellar, Leather Shield
On Sunday, July 25, 2010, at about 5:58 p.m. EDT, a  pipe segment ruptured in the  Enbridge Energy Line 6B, approximately  downstream of the Marshall, Michigan pump station.
The monastery chapel is extant and contains an 1887 Niemann pipe organ.
The lower end of the pipe was blocked off with a thin cover and positioned a few inches above the bottom of the barrel.
This pipe is what makes it a "safety" fougasse because it allows later installation of the propelling charge.
To activate the device, the propelling charge was lowered down the pipe and tamped down with dry soil before being connected to a firing point about  away.
Cacti are common, including organ pipe cactus (Stenocereus thurberi), jumping cholla (Cylindropuntia fulgida) and barrel cactus (Ferocactus wislizeni).
His home water pipe broke, flooding as a precious fresco of the church in the country.
At the UK Masters he beat Justin Pipe 6–2, but narrowly lost 6–5 to Mensur Suljović in the second round.
The pipe organ was built in 1965 by the Temple Organ Company of Lamoni, Iowa.
He has performed on numerous classical instruments as well, most notably having been featured in June 2009 at Macy's in Philadelphia (formerly Wanamaker’s) playing the largest operating pipe organ in the world.
A Homemade Holiday is a Christmas EP by The Verve Pipe, released in 2007.
The Canadian pipe mine, also known as the McNaughton tube, was a type of landmine deployed in Britain during the invasion crisis of 1940–1941.
The pipe could be easily and quickly pushed by a hydraulic jack fitted to a tank transporter, numbers of which were available.
Originally known as the Canadian Pipe Mine, it was later named the McNaughton Tube Tank Obstacle in honour of the commander of the Canadian Corps, Lieutenant-General Andrew McNaughton.
Second Lieutenant Cameron, who as a civilian was an experienced oil drilling engineer, suggested washing out the explosives with water delivered by a narrow diameter tube pushed down the main pipe.
In April 2006, 20 unexploded pipe mines were discovered under a runway at a former Royal Navy air base, HMS Daedalus, Lee-on-Solent, Hampshire.
In 1981, the pipe organ from Trinity Cathedral was rebuilt and moved to Saint Paul's.
A new pipe organ was purchased in 1909 and the Weare Chapel was added at the same time.
 Instruments - Ney, reed pipe (kaval), tribal zurnas
The next morning, they are woken up by a loud bell, and are made to wash using an outside hose pipe.
Both of these events were held outdoors several times throughout a day and featured a half pipe and a couple of motocross jumps.
During the Yuwipi ceremony, the spirits of Sioux ancestors guide the tribe members on a vision where Archie Iron Necklace, Herod Small War, Frank Pipe, and Harley Wind Soldier appear as young Sioux Indians riding their horses on the plain in the year 1877.
Anomochilus weberi, commonly known as Weber's pipe snake or the Sumatran giant blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Anomochilidae.
He is furthermore notable for smoking pipe and according to "Het Vredeswapen" an engineer, especially into electronics, much like Pom himself.
Boulenger's pipe snake (Cylindrophis boulengeri) is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Cylindrophiidae.
Blanford's pipe snake (Cylindrophis lineatus)  is a species of snake in the family Cylindrophiidae endemic to Indonesia.
The island pipe snake, Cylindrophis opisthorhodus, is a species of snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.
Scudamore saw trainer Martin Pipe waving at him near the water jump to stop.
Lithophyta: Tubipora (organ pipe corals), Millepora (fire corals), Madrepora (stone corals)
He then sent poison to Rashmi's mouth via the pipe and thread.
Pipe Company in Burlington, New Jersey for maintaining separate shower facilities for African-Americans and failing to hire and promote Blacks.
Aged seven she started out on piano; moved onto snare drum in the local pipe band and subsequently found a passion for piano accordion, where at the age of eighteen she was National Mod champion.
From the early 1970s the Unix operating system adapted the concept of a powerful command-line environment, and introduced the ability to pipe the output of one command in as input to another.
During 1955 the FB5X foam making branch pipe was introduced and the Pyrene ED-HOL system in ships, which recycled the ship's own inert exhaust gases to fight fires in the hold, was developed.
 Pipe Nation'' (Canadian TV series, 2021)
For instance, if a pipe registered with epoll has received data, a call to epoll_wait will return, signaling the presence of data to be read.
Water flows from Soodla to Raudoja Reservoir through a  long  diameter steel pipe.
The cause of the blaze was determined to come from an ammonia pipe in the icemaking department.
Power was delivered in pulses, each pulse forcing water from the engine's tail pipe set under the boat and pointing toward its stern.
The pressure acts against the column of water in the exhaust pipe and expels it from the system.
The tail pipe, being under the boat, fills with water ready for the next discharge.
Byron Melcher (1929–2012) was an executive with the Thomas Organ Company, a concert organist, and a recording artist on electronic organs and pipe organs.
At about 7:30 PM, a Palestinian suicide bomber set off a pipe bomb in the Shawarma restaurant "Mifgash Ha'Sharon" (AKA "Jamil"), where about 30 people were sitting.
There was a small platform on the outside of the dome where the miller liked to sit and smoke his pipe.
The nozzle and ground spike were of simple construction from sections of three-quarter-inch-diameter gas pipe with a used food can over the end to catch drips of fuel that would maintain a flame when the pressure was allowed to drop.
The feasibility test used a pipe with an internal diameter of , the same as the original power cable had had, the specification was increased to  to allow three times as much petrol to be pumped through.
The main sealing lead-burn was blended with the metal of the pipe with the brothers using their skills to ensure that there was a complete seal and a smooth exterior surface to ensure that nothing interfered with the armouring process.
Each join took about two and half hours to complete after which the pipe would be re-pressurised and armouring would resume.
Coupling devices were designed so that lengths of pipe could be joined while at sea, an operation that could be completed in about 20 minutes.
Although the steel pipe was flexible, it could not easily be twisted.
Admiralty Hopper Barge No 24 was fitted out with a large wheel allowing pipe to be wound and unwound without twisting.
Ellis solved this problem with the design of a  floating drum onto which a great length of pipe could be coiled in the manner of thread on a bobbin.
It had been planned that the first full-length Pluto pipe would be laid on D+18 (that is 18 days after D-day).
All went well until, in the final stages, she caught the pipe with her own anchor and wrecked it.
Pipe to Pas de Calais 
Fuel pumping was delayed until 27 October and by December only four HAIS pipe were working and these had to run at a relatively low pressure resulting in daily delivery of just 700 tons of fuel.
The contaminated petrol from both types of pipe was recovered and cleaned up, yielding some  of useful fuel.
Later burner designs called the Haigill system and designated Mark II to Mark VI were simpler and more efficient, requiring only three lengths of pipe.
It is built with a number of 50 mm PVC pipe sections and 90-degrees curved PVC connections.
During the construction, on 3 March 2017, a burst pipe caused a flood at the station.
If preferred, threaded pins with nuts can be attached or cable bonded directly onto the pipe by means of a special cable lug  which can be crimped on site or supplied complete as a unique integrally crimped attachment.
The comparison with some other machine learning methods is presented in Table 1 for various pipe diameters and pressure.
The pipe is  long with an expected capacity of .
The monks constructed a pipe to supply themselves with water from a reservoir on the west bank of the Avon.
This conduit was later given to the Mayor and town council in exchange for a feather, a branch pipe, supplying fresh water from Baptist Mills.
Koenig (organ builder), a French pipe organ builder
The use of pipe organ was also included to appeal to fans of her music from earlier projects.
 Leon Russell - lead and background vocals, synthesizer, piano, bass, RMI Electra Piano, guitar, percussion, vibes, electronic pipe organ
Without any modern equipment, such as a theodolite or telescope he instead used an eight-meter long gutter pipe, filled with water to measure levels and a small rod held in front of it, he could measure the heights of the peaks.
The pipe would be sunk into the ground over a pit that would provide a total of  headroom.
In July 1940, as Norcons were being installed, one officer raised concerns after one pipe section had broken while being rolled into position and an installed Norcon had not stood up well to a concentrated burst of machine gun fire.
Rain water drains from the roof down a pipe in the center of the column.
Kat's death is seen in x-ray format during the opening credits of The Final Destination, although the pipe is shown going her head diagonally rather than going straight through her forehead.
In his premonition, Nick is killed when the force from an exploding motor engine pushes him into a metal pipe.
Burbridge went back to the drawing board and came up with a new version that instead of being positioned over a pipe was placed on a concrete slab over an underground chamber of brick or concrete slabs.
Vincent's  Chair with Pipe (1888), National Gallery, London
The water was then released from the high ditch down through several hundred feet of pipe, and emerged through huge nozzles that resembled small cannon.
These pions were then focused into a 200 m decay pipe, where they would decay into muons and muon neutrinos.
After they exited the pipe, the neutrinos went through a 1-kiloton water Cherenkov neutrino detector ("near detector") located at about 300 m from the aluminium target to determine the neutrino beam characteristics.
The "pitch" of the stop indicates the nominal length of the pipe that sounds when the key for C two octaves below middle C is pressed.
As a result, it had multiple pipe connections.
Subsequently, the position was held by the then current Pipe Major of the London Scottish.
Along the way, the crew abandoned ship after a steam pipe exploded.
The same day after results were announced, a pipe bomb exploded in downtown Kampala, killing one woman; a similar explosion occurred on a minibus headed towards the capital, injuring three people.
Tideway's fall pipe vessel Rollingstone placed some 100.000 tons at a depth between 25m and 35m by way of digital terrain modelling and a remotely operated vehicle (ROV).
The stream has been straightened near its mouth and the last  runs through a pipe.
A Wurlitzer pipe organ was installed in 1925 and concerts were held every day for 25 cents.
 1888: JP invented and took patent for the pipe wrench
Although the CWA has been effective in controlling point source pollution (where the discharge is typically via a pipe or ditch and assigning responsibility for mitigation is straightforward), it has not been as effective with nonpoint sources (where discharges are diffuse, and treatment or prevention may be technically difficult or very expensive).
The bubbler has a supply pipe and a sampling tube.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1873 by William Hill and Son, and restored in 1933 by Wilkinson and Son of Kendal.
In "Ayla", it is revealed that the descendants of Queen Cleo and her tribe had settled in the Hidden Valley which could only be accessed via the use of a horn known as the Passing Pipe.
In 1932 the original gallery handrails, also supplied by Wilkins & Co., were replaced with steel gas pipe and mild steel rods.
Stairs now lead up to the renovated balcony above, which is home to the choir and the beautiful English pipe organ installed in 1999.
The Tiger–Sooner Peace Pipe is the trophy awarded to the winner of the game.
The peace pipe, in the form of a tomahawk, belonged to Chief White Eagle of the Pawnee tribe.
Winners of each game are also inscribed on the pipe.
The Sooners were the first to take possession of the peace pipe following their 7–0 victory over the Tigers in 1940.
After a tie in 1964, OU gave possession of the pipe to MU as Oklahoma had held the trophy so many more times since the trophy's inception.
The current location of the pipe is unknown since it was last held by Oklahoma.
The church contained an organ dating from 1902 by Abbot & Smith; a specification can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The pipe organ was built by Misquith & Co.
Mohan Satya Raj has played the pipe organ for about the last 25 years.
The blaze was fed by a ruptured gas pipe, and large clouds of smoke soared into the sky.
He said that an inspection of the severed pipe chunk revealed that it was made of several smaller sections that had been welded together and that a seam ran its length.
Leigh had been a heavy pipe smoker throughout his life and developed cancer of the throat.
While driving in the orchard, Kenny and Lynn get the car stuck after running over an old pipe drain.
Half Pipe is a Boomerango of a similar design to Bombora; however, the exit chute from the vertical wall features a small camel hump for a second moment of weightlessness.
However, the purpose of the grant is to transfer the church and their lands, together with small estates at Pipe and Hammerwich, to a community of women.
1 carucate at Pipe assarted from the king's forest.
Cannock, Abnalls, Pipe and Burntwood: 140 acres.
Iseult of Pipe was elected in 1313 and resigned in 1321.
He is named as prior again in one of the Staffordshire Pipe Rolls of 1205–6, when he was struggling to pay a fine to recover control of the priory estates after King John's confiscation.
Caterina founded three clothing stores in 1974 and later founded a local industrial pipe insulation company.
As part of the treatment, Godboy insists that he must give Doris a bit of gas, but while he is fitting the gas mask Doris pulls out the pipe, giving Godboy a lungful of gas and sending him unconscious.
The pipe organ, used in the First Christian Church of Lancaster, Kentucky, from 1904 to 1952, originally was pumped by hand.
Instruction in Italian is offered in harmony, counterpoint, fugue, composition, acoustics, music history and analysis, musicology, bibliography, research methods, ethno-musicology,  editing of music, notation, Gregorian chant, liturgics, piano, pipe organ, score reading, continuo (figured bass), keyboard improvisation, choral conducting and Latin.
The level of non-revenue water in Istanbul decreased from more than 50% prior to 1994 to 34% in 2000 due to large investments in pipe replacement.
After the search warrant was executed, 1.5 grams of hashish was found in the room as well as a pipe.
Rieger–Kloss, pipe organ manufacturing company
The remains of a hydro system which once powered the house are found at the base of the falls, and the iron rings which once held the water pipe can still be seen in the rock face.
M51: Consisting of a M50 gas mask with a CVC hood for head/neck protection and a flexible pipe to connect to combat vehicle overpressure systems.
The monumental pipe organ was built in 1877 by L. van Dam & Zn.
Regular classes on piping technique, pipe making, and reed making are taught to students of all ages and abilities.
Of the roughly 250 pipe organs built by the Barton Organ Company, the Ironwood Theatre Barton is one of an estimated 40 that are still in their original homes and is one of only six documented Bartons that are still playable.
On the night between July 31 and August 1, 1990, Rigo snuck through the partially open balcony door and into the Munich apartment of Ilka Z., 27, murdering her, again using a metal pipe.
Shand Engineering Limited of Grimsby, Lincolnshire for hose and flexible pipe coupling systems predominantly for the oil industry.
Kingspan Tarec Industrial Insulation Limited of Glossop, Derbyshire for continuous production process for the manufacture of phenolic pipe insulation.
Pipe supports used in high or low temperature applications may contain insulation materials.
 Internal/External Pressure: A pipe used for transporting fluid would be under internal pressure load.
This type of loads act throughout the life cycle of pipe.
Wind force is modeled as a uniform load acting upon the projected length of the pipe perpendicular to the direction of the wind.
Though the flow is transient, for the purpose of piping stress analysis, only the unbalanced force along the pipe segment tending to induce piping vibration is calculated and applied on the piping model as static equivalent force.
Similarly, pipe connected to a vessel is pulled upwards because the vessel nozzle moves up due to vessel expansion.
A pipe subjected to a cycle of hot and cold fluid similarly undergoes cyclic loads and deformation.
A pipe anchor is a rigid support that restricts movement in all three orthogonal directions and all three rotational directions, i.e.
Selection depends on pipe size, load, temperature, insulation, assembly length.
Variable effort supports also known as variable hangers or variables are used to support pipe lines subjected to moderate (approximately up to 50mm) vertical thermal movements.
A VES unit is fairly simple in construction with the pipe virtually suspended directly from a helical coil compression spring as the cut away sectional sketch shows below.
In a constant effort support the load remains constant when the pipe moves from its cold position to the hot position.
Thus when the pipe moves down from cold to hot condition, the point P moves down, and as it moves down the Bell crank lever will rotate in the anti clock wise direction & tie rod connected to the spring will be pulled in, by which the spring gets further compressed.
In this case one main vertical spring takes the main load of the pipe.
The restraint system is intended to protect the pipe work, the plant and the structure from abnormal conditions; it should not impede the function of the supports.
Therefore, dynamic restraints are required to be very stiff, to have high load capacity and to minimize free movement between pipe and structure.
The hydraulic snubber is normally used when the axis of restraint is in the direction of expansion and contraction of the pipe.
Mechanical Snubber: Whilst having the same application as the hydraulic snubber, retardation of the pipe is due to centrifugal braking within the snubber.
Pipe supports are fabricated from a variety of materials including structural steel, carbon steel, stainless steel, galvanized steel, aluminum, ductile iron and FRP composites.
In the case of FRP composite pipe supports, the elements required to form a corrosion cell aren't present, so no additional coatings or protections are necessary.
The compressed air pipe is run through bolster and other members and then in a zig-zag pattern under the locomotive's belly to extend its length, which allows the maximum amount of moisture to condense on the way to the reservoirs.
Since this already increased the per-unit rebuilding cost, it was decided to simultaneously re-route the compressor pipe away from bolster and other members to the outside of the bodywork on the locomotive's right side, from below and to the right of the cab door to just before the second sandbox lid from the rear end.
On locomotives which were rebuilt from Class 6E1, Series 8 to 11 this pipe was not rerouted.
Note the external compressed air pipe on the right side of locomotives rebuilt from Class 6E1, Series 6 and 7.
This pipe was not rerouted on locomotives rebuilt from Class 6E1, Series 8.
Note the external compressed air pipe on the right side of locomotives rebuilt from Class 6E1, Series 2 to 7.
Piping Technology and Products is a privately owned pipe support manufacturing and engineering company headquartered in Houston, Texas, United States.
These companies provide pipe supports, expansion joints, shock and vibration controls, and pre-insulated supports to a variety of industries including LNG, chemical, petrochemical, pulp & paper, and aerospace.
John Guest International Limited of West Drayton, Middlesex for Speedfit plastic plumbing fittings and pipe.
N. P. Mander Ltd t/a Mander Organs of London E2 for  Building and restoration of traditional pipe organs.
Adjacent to the sanitary pipe works was a mill, "Hull Bank Mills".
John Middleton Co., a subsidiary of Altria Group, is the second largest manufacturer of large machine-made cigars, and a maker of pipe tobacco.
In 1950, the company began making its own pipe tobacco, and by 1959 sold its stores and concentrated on making and selling tobacco.
The planned pipe organ, however, was never installed.
The exhaust stubs were vertical, each bank of cylinders feeding its own horizontal pipe.
In the Library with the Lead Pipe is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers topics about libraries.
A survey of 67 university librarians and archivists showed that only 5% were regular readers of In the Library with the Lead Pipe.
In 1927, the pipe organ was sold to the Cracknell Road Congregational Church.
The inaugural holder Jules Pipe was succeeded by Philip Glanville following an election on September 15, 2016.
Tin of 50 cigarettes or tobacco (sent separately—usually Player's brand cigarettes, or Digger flake pipe tobacco).
There are two water regulators (Sungurlu and İsabey ) on the rivulet and the water is pumped to the purification plant at Emirli via  mains pipe.
Catch basins were installed under any pipe running horizontally to catch and divert any water from leaks.
The pipe organ in the rear gallery was built by the Tellers Organ Company of Erie, Pennsylvania in 1939.
The first physical work moving the town commenced in November 2007, when work on the new main sewerage pipe started.
The alleged victim claims that he made a sarcastic comment relating to the "Iron pipe scandal" towards the politician before being punched by Ekeroth.
He was married to Mary Ellen Moore, later known as Brave Bird, with a pipe ceremony.
The current instrument, comprising both pipe and digital voices, totals 268 ranks and is controlled by two consoles.
Finale - A Pipe Dream and A Promise
A pipe organ (by Wadsworth of Manchester) was added in 1880.
In early designs, the action was very simple and comprised a sprung arrangement where air was compressed in the lower chest of the organ, and depressing a key would open a pallet that would release the air up to the pipe ranks.
Floating net cages, the primary culture method, are supported by a floating frame of plastic pipe, wood, or other material, and usually are anchored to the sea floor.
Mrs. Hunt's voice was said by a contemporary to be like the pipe of a bullfinch; she was also credited with an "exquisite hand on the lute".
The pipe organ was donated by the daughter of Reverend John Maurits Moor.
Behind this would be a selection of drill collars and Heavy Weight Drill Pipe (HWDP).
Care must be taken to not have this section too long as the pipe may sag too much and rub against the borehole wall.
Type 1, standard simple configuration, uses only drill pipe and drill collars.
In this instance the weight may be applied by running the drill pipe in compression in the high angle section.
This was dated 1166, in the Pipe Rolls of the county of Kent, England.
A short, rotund, mustachioed pipe smoker with a very large and round head, he joked that he might find it easier to roll than to walk.
The 350-seat chapel space is illuminated by a breathtaking stained-glass window at the front and at the back, l treasure: a Vissar-Rowland Opus 93 pipe organ inscribed with the words: 'Soli Deo Gloria.'
He uses a smoking pipe as his weapon.
 Album 70 : Bibi Fricotin et la pipe royale (1965) scenario Roland de Montaubert
In 1907, the Associated Pipe Line Company was formed as a subsidiary of the Associated Oil Company with the Southern Pacific Company providing property along its railroad tracks which ran from the Bakersfield Kern River oil fields to Port Costa, California, later being shipped to China and other parts of the world.
Drillers Supply International, with Corporate Headquarters in Cypress, Texas, and a manufacturing plant in Antofagasta, Chile manufactured the drill pipe used in the rescue operation and assisted with logistics and planning related to Plan B.
At Lyndsey's house, Alan smokes a pipe which Lynsey finds sexy.
Harry and May found themselves in nearby Asuncion where Harry obtained work in a pipe and tile factory.
On 1 December 2016, Dr. Shane Moran installed an historic Australian made Fincham & Hobday pipe organ into the organ chamber.
It is of considerable significance for its outstanding quality of workmanship and choice of materials, its delightful sound, and the retention of the original façade pipe decoration.
Looking for how he got into the tank, workers found 72 more marked coho jack salmon of the same age class stuck in the flume or drainage pipe on the way to the hatchling pond.
The following year, a discharge pipe was shut down after a sinkhole at the corner of Bay Avenue and Vaughn Avenue revealed that it had been leaking.
 Captain Black (tobacco brand), a brand of aromatic pipe tobaccos, cigars and cigarillos
Pixel, who managed to jump out of the boat in time, hoists the frozen Axel onto a nearby sled and the pair take off down the side of the mountain into a cave where Pixel manages to melt the ice around Axel with steam from a boiler pipe.
It is based on plates made out of tungsten and quartz layers, positioned around the beam pipe in the very forward region of the CMS (at 14.385 m from the interaction point), covering the pseudorapidity range 5.1 — 6.55.
They shared food and presents, and they smoked a pipe with the people under the leadership of Cameahweit, later revealed to be Sacajawea's brother.
The system consists of a borehole, pipe system, circulation pump, a chiller or heater with constant power rate, and continuous logging of the inlet and outlet temperatures of the flow.
A fire broke out on 7 April 1948 in the packing office when a stove pipe overheated and ignited the ceiling joists.
The song was accompanied by a promotional video of Cottriall with a fictional girlfriend going through an emotional break-up, with a concurrent sub-plot of him playing his guitar in an apartment with a broken water pipe gradually flooding the room, leaving him eventually submerged.
The band was founded in 1978, when a group of enthousistic musicians wanted to achieve a higher musical level and left the Red Hackle Pipe Band Belgium to start a competition-oriented band.
In 1980, only two years after the foundation, the first successes came with a 4th place at one of the world's biggest pipe band championships, the Cowal Highland Gathering.
In 2010, the band (under musical direction of pipe major Stephen Tierney and leading drummer Jan de Beuckelaer), achieved a second place at the British Championships in Annan, Scotland.
René Frederiksen: played with the 6-times world champions, the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band.
Water was coming in through the ash ejector pipe and through some half-doors on her upper deck.
A rare Cahokia human effigy pipe was found during excavations at the site.
Organ Pipe Cliffs is a line of coastal cliffs in the form of palisades of columnar dolerite overlooking the sea to the west of Cape Wild.
Entran II - CGL represented homeowners whose Entran II radiant heating systems allegedly contained defective pipe, yielding a $346 million bi-national settlement, one of the largest product liability settlements in history.
pipe wall temperature by 300˚F to 450˚F, depending upon the thickness of the refractory lining.
Later Bruuns Tunnel was made bigger and today a penstock pipe lifts the water from Skjeggedal Pumping Station to Ringedalsvatnet (pumped-storage hydroelectricity).
The artifacts found consisted of clay pipe fragments, gun flints, datable pottery, glass and nails.
All the stones came from the AK6 pipe opened 18 months earlier, it has since yielded over 1 million carats of diamonds.
Cape Wild is a prominent rock cape on the eastern end of the Organ Pipe Cliffs, 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of Cape Blake.
Most of the char was collected in the trough of the banjo at the bottom of the smokebox front from where it was periodically ejected through a vertical steam ejector pipe inside the banjo door which exhausted immediately in front of the chimney.
The investigation by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) indicated that "fatigue cracking" in a stub pipe within the engine resulted in oil leakage, followed by an oil fire in the engine.
On 3 December 2010, the ATSB issued a preliminary report that contained a key finding of a manufacturing flaw: An area of fatigue cracking was found within a stub pipe that feeds oil to the engine HP/IP bearing structure.
That inaccurate alignment resulted in one side of the same stub pipe becoming too thin to resist fatigue fracturing.
For several weeks water poured out of the improperly installed leaking pipe flooding part of the cemetery and thoroughly soaking the earth at the section of the graves of soldiers killed in World War I.
They finally reached the removal of the water pipe.
He also uses the pipe as a dianxue weapon.
The winner was trained by Martin Pipe of Wellington, Somerset, and carried the red jacket with yellow star and sleeves and cap with red star of comedian Freddie Starr.
Pipe explained that Starr had been unable to attend Aintree due to television commitments.
As on the later Class 25 condensing locomotives, the pipe to feed spent steam back to the condensing tender was mounted on the left side of the engine.
Hopwood had a particular passion for organ music and had a pipe organ installed in his home.
It was named so by members of the University of Minnesota Geological Party of 1963–64 because a pipe was left here after a visit to the area.
RAF Voluntary Bands are voluntary military, brass or pipe bands that provide music for ceremonial and social occasions within the Royal Air Force, as well as local and national charities.
Bigelow and Company from American Fork, Utah built the pipe organ.
This mirror reflects up to 95% of the sun’s radiation onto the receiver pipe positioned at the ideal focus of the parabolic mirror.
Mount Harkness () is a mountain,  high, standing  south of the Organ Pipe Peaks and forming part of the east wall of Scott Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.
Additionally, the company provides sheet, rod and pipe stock to its customers to allow them to produce their own components.
Jeg tænder min pibe i aftenfred (I light my pipe in the evening's peace)
During the 1870s and 1880s, the students engaged in organized athletic competitions, pitting the freshman versus sophomore classes in the "Olympic Games" that involved elaborate opening ceremonies and the smoking of a Pipe of Peace."
It features Indonesia's largest pipe organ, built by Casavant Frères.
The old school method involved a porcelain horn extending from the flushing rim connecting to the sewer lead pipe and the whole contraption held together by strips of muslin and putty.
Copper objects, Marksville culture ceramics and a stone platform pipe were found in excavations at the site.
These artifacts, which include copper ear-spools and a greenstone platform pipe, show the connection of the local peoples with the larger Middle Woodland period world of the time, reaching to the Great Lakes.
Scudder Mountain () is a mountain, 2,280 m, between Organ Pipe Peaks and Mount McKercher on the east side of Scott Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains, in Antarctica.
Pipe was a boxer in his youth, and, as a staunch anti-smoker, he refused to play darts in local pubs as the cigarette smoke would make his eyes water.
In June 2011, Pipe hit a nine-dart finish in a Players Championship match in Nuland against Colin Osborne.
In October, Pipe won his first PDC Pro Tour event in Dublin, defeating Phil Taylor 6–5 in the final.
Pipe qualified for the 2011 Grand Slam of Darts.
At the 2011 Players Championship Finals, Pipe was the number 1 seed as he had reached the final of six of the last ten events.
Pipe came up against an inspired opponent, who averaged 102, and lost the match 1–4.
In April, Pipe won the Austrian Darts Open with a 6–3 victory over James Wade in the final, having defeated Raymond van Barneveld in the semi-finals by the same scoreline with a 107 average.
In the World Matchplay Pipe beat Joe Cullen and Wes Newton, but then lost to Ronnie Baxter 11–16 in his first televised quarter-final.
Pipe qualified from Group 2 of the Championship League with a 6–5 victory against Phil Taylor.
It was there that Pipe reached his first major televised semi-final as he saw off Colin Osborne, Brendan Dolan and Mervyn King.
Pipe was defeated in the second round of the 2013 World Championship 2–4 by Mark Walsh, after overcoming Andy Jenkins 3–0 in the first.
In his second consecutive quarter-final in the event, Pipe lost 10–16 to Phil Taylor.
Pipe was beaten by qualifier Devon Petersen 4–1 in the second round of the 2014 World Championship.
Pipe won his first title in over two years at the 15th Players Championship of 2014.
At the 2015 World Championship, Pipe led Australian qualifier Laurence Ryder 2–1 in the first round but then lost six consecutive legs to suffer a surprise 3–2 defeat.
Pipe couldn't advance beyond the first round of the World Championship for the second year in a row, as he was beaten 3–0 by Christian Kist whilst averaging 75.55, losing the final seven legs of the match.
Pipe lost 3–1 to Chris Dobey in the first round of the 2017 World Championship.
Pipe faced Bernie Smith in the first round of the 2018 World Championship.
On 8 January 2018, Pipe was fined £3,000 by the Darts Regulation Authority in relation to the above incident.
Pipe is married to Claire and they have two sons and a daughter.
In July, 1970 the 3 manual 17 rank pipe organ was installed.
From there a contour path leads to Constantia Nek, passing above Kirstenbosch, cutting through Orange Kloof to Myburgs Path, on to Suikerbossie and up Llandudno Corner, over the top of the Twelve Apostles to Kasteelspoort, down the Pipe Track and back to Kloof Nek.
Built in 1887–1888, it was used to build machinery used in the operation of Lake Clifton, once a major part of the city's water supply and was connected to Lake Montebello to the north by a 108-inch underground pipe.
There were six gasometers and 1500 burners were fed by a 19mm pipe.
The Austin Organ Company, based in Hartford, Connecticut, constructed the pipe organ in the Basilica.
A waveguide flange is a connector for joining sections of waveguide, and is essentially the same as a pipe flange—a waveguide, in the context of this article, being a hollow metal conduit for microwave energy.
 June 2016 – Awarded both ‘Golden Valve Award’ and ‘Platinum Pipe Award' at 2016 Intergraph Awards
Andrew Anthos, a 72-year-old disabled gay man, was beaten with a lead pipe by a man who was shouting anti-gay names at him on February 27, 2007, in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1892 the pipe organ was moved from the church to the new cathedral.
The surdelina or sampogna was a kind of bag pipe which was described and illustrated by Mersenne as the musette de Naples; its construction was very complicated.
His first tracker-action pipe organ in America was ordered by the Anglo-American virtuoso organist E. Power Biggs and installed in the Busch-Reisinger Museum at Harvard University in 1958.
Dutch pipe organ builders
As far as Huandacareo Ceramics a complete pipe was found, representing an owl (tecolote).
The monumental Pipe organ was built in 1892 by Bakker & Timmenga.
Rick tries to salvage the bridge between the two communities, he is thrown from his horse and impaled on a rebar pipe.
This depicts a simple keyless chanter with an octave range from G to g, as well as J. Peacock's New Invented Pipe Chanter with the addition of Four Keys, these keys were for the notes low D, E, F sharp, and high a.
The dredge could process over  of sand per day, and had a  suction pipe that could work in  of water.
Richard Arundell (died 1759), 2nd son, MP for Knaresborough, Clerk of the Pipe, Surveyor of the Works and Master of the Mint.
A Walter de Goldestan is then mentioned in the Pipe Roll records for Shropshire in the 31st year of the reign of King Henry II (i.e.
It is not possible, for example, to pipe the output of a foreach statement into grep.
The Capitol Theatre Center is one of the few theaters in the United States to still have its original organ, a Möller theater pipe organ.
In the hole, a steel pipe was installed from which about 1.5 litres of karst water flowed per second.
A major restoration of the building was completed in 1940 with a new chancel and altar, rose window, a new pew arrangement, and a renewal of the pipe organ.
Because of its high degree of historical integrity, the pipe organ is a contributing object in the church's historic designation.
The instrument is a 2 manual and pedal pipe organ, probably the last to be built by the firm of J J Binns.
The explosion was caused by a gas leak from a main pipe in Boylston Street that seeped into the hotel's basement.
Willy shoots craps with kings, plays poker with presidents, eats nightingale tongues a queen cooks for him; his Monte Carlo winnings come to a million, he lights his pipe with a hundred dollar bill, he has heart affairs with Cleopatra, the Queen of Sheba, and movie actresses.
Trail levels range from a beginner's bunny hill, to the expert terrain park which boasts Ohio's largest half pipe.
The Belville (built in 1772) sailed from Windfield in December 1775 bound for Cadiz in Spain with a cargo of 500 pounds of beeswax, 61,900 pipe staves, 600 hoghead staves, and 3400 barrel staves.
A man sings, No more the Heathens shall blaspheme.Scene four consists of a chorus of Israelites singing, Breathe the Pipe, the Timbrel sound, a man singing, The Victor on his lofty seat, and the chorus repeating again.
While with Kelsey, he played pipe organ during a break in a Quintessence Christmas show at the Royal Albert Hall.
in the form of de Espaigne is from 1179 in the Pipe Rolls of Essex during the reign of King Henry II 
"So Sad the Song" from Pipe Dreams, The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack earned a Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song (Motion Picture).
There is also a small lead pipe organ which dates back to the 18th century.
The pipe is also dragged into the ground due to friction developed between the steel and the concrete.
A 4.7 km conduction tunnel with a diameter of 4.65 m, directs the water through a 615 m long pressure pipe (diameter 3.55 m) to the power house.
Construction was not without mishap as during a pressure test in 1957 five kilometres of pipe blew up near Dryden, Ontario.
The water is transported to the powerhouse through a 4.03 km long tunnel and a 2.44 km long pressure pipe.
The water is transported to the powerhouse through 614 m long pressure pipe.
A third pipe was added in 1979 and there is strictly no public access across the bridge.
They make historical-style mechanical-action pipe organs.
According to Aftonbladet, he carried six pipe bombs; only one exploded, killing him.
When exploring Douglas carried little in the way of equipment beyond some basic provisions, including tobacco for his beloved pipe, and a swag.
A magic pipe is a surreptitious change to a ship's oily water separator (OWS), or other waste-handing equipment, which allows waste liquids to be discharged in contravention of maritime pollution regulations.
As ships are required to keep records of waste and its treatment, magic pipe cases often involve falsification of these records.
Often the pipe can be easily disconnected and stored away into a different location aboard the ship so state and regulatory officers can not detect its usage.
Crew members, engineers, and ship owners can receive huge fines and even imprisonment if they continue to use a magic pipe to pollute the environment.
The large murals, most are six feet high and some as long as fifteen feet, depict cowboys, bar shootouts, a Native American smoking a peace pipe, a wagon train, a frontier stockade fort, and most surprisingly, Yellowstone National Park's Old Faithful geyser erupting in front of a cowboy audience.
1955 brought the addition of a chapel, with its own pipe organ, to hold the burgeoning church school.
The parks department has foiled the rodents by running a perforated pipe through the beaver dam.
Later it was converted to low-wattage oil-filled electric pipe heating under selected benches and finally with medium-wavelength infra-red heaters in the chancel only.
With the arrival of military concert bands and pipe bands around the 18th century, the position of the drum major was adapted to those ensembles.
Reversing the trend, in 2010, Vallourec & Mannesman broke ground for a $620 million-dollar pipe mill north of its existing business V&M Star.
Cullen defeated Mark Walsh to make the quarter-finals, where he was this time on the wrong end of a 6–4 scoreline as he lost to eventual winner Justin Pipe.
He qualified for the World Matchplay for the first time and lost to Pipe 10–4 in the first round.
Stenocereus griseus, also known as the Mexican organ pipe, dagger cactus, pitaya, and pitayo de mayo, is a species of cactus.
That same year, the church purchased a pipe organ for $1,700.
After a while, he went to work for the Raymond Concrete Pipe Co. which was building the Línea Street Tunnel, which connects the two banks of the Almendares River.
In the deflector design, the spray pattern is perpendicular to the pipe.
Using this new technology, the venture discovered  a promising pipe in eastern Botswana, but lost the land to De Beers, who later discovered a commercial diamond deposit there.
Waugh's description is of someone "tall, almost loutish, with the face of a petulant baby", of indistinct speech, who "smoked a pipe which was attached to his blubber-lips by a thread of slime".
Although contemporary Pipe Roll records of expenditure at Peveril survive, they do not specify how the money was spent.
Measurements of flow from the overflow pipe are rare.
The fourth gable houses the pipe organ on the interior.
The Casavant Frères, Opus 3867, pipe organ was donated anonymously to the congregation in 2007.
The church also has stained glass windows, a pipe organ, and a 2,270 pound church bell dedicated to Jesuit missionary Father Lawrence Palladino.
Moya sneak attacks Sasha with a pipe and tells Sasha she should have left when she could and now she is going to kill her.
Roger Hadden - drums, piano, pipe organ
An Artesian well with cold, fresh water can be found in Toivola, running from a pipe nearby the old Misery Bay School on Misery Bay Road.
Zero Style Mint consists of a cigarette-shaped pipe into which a small, snuff-like tobacco cartridge is inserted.
Murtherer Tower head; an organ pipe of brass.
In the most simplistic way, the mould is a square pipe, with a conic funnel at its bottom.
The rooms were given a New Orleans twist, such as copper pipe.
Infiltration will occur where local groundwater elevation is higher than the sewer pipe.
Groundwater flows parallel to the sewer until it reaches the area of damaged pipe.
He is a short, elderly man, with balding, white hair, a gnarled nose, and he is always seen with a big pipe.
During 1939 renovations of the lower church, a new two-manual pipe organ was installed in 1939 by the Aeolian-Skinner Organ Company, Inc. of Boston, Massachusetts, and replaced the Müller & Abel organ.
A new, three-manual pipe organ was built by the Delaware Organ Company.
IAR 826 were in use until the early 80's, with an average on 400 flight hours / year / airframe; being used mostly as agricultural planes, but sometimes also for the aerial surveillance of the pipe lines and power lines.
The choir loft contains a pipe organ and an electronic carillon with a library of 700 songs that can be played through the bell tower.
The album features the trio of musicians from the Paul Winter Consort: Paul Winter on soprano sax, Paul Halley on piano, pipe organ, and harpsichord, and percussionist Glen Velez.
Someone had used pipe bombs to dislodge artifacts from the wreck, leaving a large crater and damaged artifacts.
In about August 1867 a drain pipe and tile manufactory was established at Holroyd's estate, 'Sherwood Scrubs'.
Sometime prior to 1662, Thomas Fuller had written: "I behold these as most ancient, because a very simple sort of music, being little more than an oaten pipe improved with a bag, wherein the imprisoned wind pleadeth melodiously for the enlargement thereof.
Welspun Tubular LLC (USA): This spiral pipe and coating facility is spread across 740 acres and has an annual capacity of 350,000 tons near Little Rock Port, Arkansas.
To prevent trouble which had been experienced earlier owing to the fracture of the smokebox saddle and frame stretcher castings which contained steam chest passages, and also leakage at exhaust joints, the blast pipe breeches were made separate castings and not integral with the centre stretcher casting.
 May 21, 1896: Oil Pipe Line Act,  ( et seq.)
Dekker made his debut in the Players Championship Finals after being placed 54th on the Order of Merit and beat Steve West 6–3 in the first round, before losing 6–1 to Justin Pipe.
A long exhaust pipe ran under the fuselage, exiting behind the cabin.
In 1991 it made its first acquisition, Peace Pipe Line Ltd. five years before it made its second move, buying half of the Bonnie Glen System, a 250 km long network serving oil fields in Alberta.
The spillway was again modified, this time the spillway was widened to permit more water to flow downstream and the flash flood prevention pipe was filled with concrete in favor of a more attractive flow of water down the spillway.
In the early morning of July 27, 1996, shortly after the band performed their original tune "I Walked Alone", a pipe bomb exploded in very close proximity to the stage, directly killing 1 person, and injuring 111.
Phyllodesmium colemani feeds on Organ pipe coral Tubipora musica usually in very shallow water, typically 2–5 m depth.
These are most often files on disk, but can also be a device, a pipe, or even a scalar value.
At the location where the model is to be installed, the foundation is laid building a brick wall around the perimeter of the model, leaving an empty space inside where sand and stones will work as a filter for the rainwater, which goes away through a pipe connected to the main drainage.
It also noted a wooden pitch pipe and wooden shovel, both dating from the late 18th century.
The S-bend pipe was invented by Alexander Cummings in 1775 but became known as the U-bend following the introduction of the U-shaped trap by Thomas Crapper in 1880.
It, along with most of the town, was lost to a catastrophic fire in 1908, but the town rebuilt, and the new Washington Brick, Lime, and Sewer Pipe company became noted for its high-quality products, including beautiful decorative terra cotta panels, which were crafted largely by skilled artisans who had immigrated to Washington from northern Italy.
Compression fittings use a soft metal or thermoplastic ring (the compression ring, "olive" or "ferrule"), which is squeezed onto the pipe and into the fitting by a compression nut.
Type L has a thinner pipe wall section and is used in residential and commercial water supply and pressure applications.
The printing only references the gauge thickness of the pipe, which may affect application choice and address quality/durability concerns for the product selected.
In both the U.S. and Canada, copper pipe and fittings are sold in imperial units only as metric sizes are not manufactured for use in North America.
Type Z is a thinner walled pipe, also used for above-ground service, including drinking water supply, hot and cold water systems, sanitation, central heating and other general purpose applications.
Copper water tubes are susceptible to cold water pitting caused by contamination of the pipe interior, typically with soldering flux; erosion corrosion caused by high speed or turbulent flow; and stray current corrosion caused by poor electrical wiring technique, such as improper grounding and bonding.
Correctly installed plumbing appliances will have a copper bonding jumper cable connecting the interrupted pipe sections.
 This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb on Front Seat Solidarity (2002)
Theatrical and musical venues include the Spreckels Organ Pavilion, featuring one of the world's largest outdoor pipe organs; the Old Globe Theatre complex, which includes a replica of Shakespeare's Globe Theatre as well as an outdoor stage and a theatre in the round; and the Starlight Bowl – an outdoor amphitheatre.
This view is taken by leading authorities including The Exchequer Year, The Pipe Roll Society and Dr Robert Poole in two works.
Institutionalized after this tragedy, Chris, left nearly mute and resembling a charred zombie due to burns inflicted by a steam pipe ruptured during the attack on his mother, escapes exactly ten years after his parents' deaths via murdering two sadistic orderlies playing a Halloween prank and taking one's uniform and Halloween mask.
In the book, he is depicted leaving the factory extremely underweight from being squeezed in the pipe.
Rogers uses a pitch pipe at his television house and with François Clemmons.
A digital organ was installed at St. Paul's in place of the old pipe organ.
The low level of water leakage, down from 18% in 1978, has been achieved through speedy repairs that are typically undertaken the same day that a connection is reported, and through the use of high-quality pipe materials.
All schools throughout Lewis were closed and 'the senior boys of Nicholson Institute headed the funeral procession, which included the Lewis Pipe Band, the Brethren of the Masonic Lodge, the Provost, Magistrates and Councillors of Stornoway and members and officials of all the other public bodies'.
The Trolls find another island where the people smoke a peace pipe.
In addition to being used for firefighting, the pressure in the pipe regulated water pressure in the area.
She possesses the power to move objects with her mind, shake the house she lives in with Aidan and Josh, can alter the pipe lines in the house, and can project thoughts into others' minds (she does so to warn her friend, Bridget).
The pipe bomb was viable and designed to be directional, which means that it was crafted to spray shrapnel into the street where the parade marchers would pass through; had it exploded, the bomb could have caused multiple casualties.
The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of William Osmere, which was dated 1230, in the Pipe rolls of Devonshire, during the reign of King Henry III.
It was also a feature instrument in the 2010 Pipe Organ Encounter program of the Bridgeport Chapter of the American Guild of Organists.
The name Ain Halaqim is composed of two Arabic words: "Ain", which means spring of water and "Halaqim", the plural of "Houlkoum" meaning a tube or a pipe.
De Guzman states that he "took pity" and gave him a small bag of tobacco for his pipe, with Guevara then smiling and thanking him.
August 26, 1943 – Nineteen German POWs escaped through a large drainage pipe from Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Smoking was more or less seen in a religious sense, with each person sharing a few puffs before passing the pipe.
She was a great enthusiast for local dancing and fiddle and pipe music.
It is a small two-manual pipe organ by Rushworth and Dreaper, from 1925, which was originally in Wesley Hall, Westcliff-on-Sea.
The church has a pipe organ by Cousans dating from 1972.
The source of the benzene was a damaged pipe at the nearby Suncor refinery, from which benzene had seeped into the groundwater and surfaced at Sand Creek.
Justice Sherman Minton noted that in Federal Power Commission v. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co., 337 U.S. 498, 337 U.S. 505, the Supreme Court wrote that the "natural and clear meaning" of the phrase "production or gathering of natural gas" is that it encompasses "the producing properties and gathering facilities of a natural gas company."
Some tunes seem to be adaptations of Border pipe tunes, with a 9-note range and a flat 7th.
As a result, he avoided eye contact with the minister and hid behind a stove pipe.
The pipe paradigm has been criticized for performance 
In 2001, a four-manual, 50-stop, 70-rank Casavant Tracker Pipe Organ was installed.
Links can be of different types, each needs only to be a pipe that can carry IP packets.
In 1985, Stockham was arrested at Reno-Cannon International Airport for planting a pipe bomb and carrying an unregistered firearm, an incident covered in the Los Angeles Times.
to Break Pressure Tank at Kadampuliyur through a 1750 mm dia mild steel pipe and from there the water is carried to a distance of about 200 km.
They would stop for a few minutes each hour to smoke a pipe.
 Paul Halley – pipe organ
Muirhead & Sons Pipe Band was founded in 1928, and started competing in 1932.
The City of Victoria Pipe Band in British Columbia was founded by James Troy on the model of Muirhead and Sons and Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia.
There is a low-temperature reservoir of free carbon dioxide below the lake bottom, which seeps into the lake through a volcanic pipe.
 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) as Newspaperman with Pipe (uncredited)
Meanwhile, Henry tries to slide through the pipe of the building.
Lundstrom's influence continues, mainly through the many students he taught and conducted, including choral composer Ronnie Nelson, pipe organ builder and church musician, Tom Erickson, and many others.
The pool outflows into a pipe under Dam Street, Stowe Fields and into Stowe Pool.
The pipe would carry water from Leamonsley and Trunkfield Brooks through the Museum Gardens in Beacon Park, under Bird Street through Minster Pool and into Stowe Pool.
She was a member of the DAR's Peace Pipe Chapter and served as Colorado State Regent from 1950–1953.
 Bermico, a type of pipe that was produced in the 1920s–1970s
 Flange gasket, a type of gasket made to fit between two sections of pipe
The gallery is wooden, hexagonal in form, with a pipe handrail, supported on metal struts.
A still beneath Low Arnside Farm was connected to an underground pipe so that the steam produced seemingly emanated from a hedge in a nearby field.
This description is one that closely represents the actual mechanism of transient pipe flow.
Combined sewers, carrying stormwater and sewage in the same pipe, emptied directly into the city's rivers and streams, and dumping of industrial wastes also went largely unchecked.
They typically result from the external corrosion of the pipe.
More than a hundred years ago, Philadelphia built its sewers so that sewage, stormwater runoff, and gray water would all flow underground into the same pipe.
The present pipe organ is one of the largest in Russia and the third since the church's foundation.
The cathedral's pipe organ was built in 1955 by Orgelbau Kuhn AG of Männedorf, Switzerland, for the Reformed Evangelical Basel Münster Cathedral in Basel, Switzerland.
This pipe, capable of reproducing a tone of 16.35 Hz, the bass note C0 four octaves below middle C, was recreated in Moscow and added to the cathedral's organ in 2009.
In this station, a beam pipe is used to hold the tape.
The village is served by a gas pipe line provided by the Punjab government, and also supplies of water, cable TV and the Internet.
Hecker recorded the bulk of the album on July 21, 2010, playing compositions on the pipe organ which were further complemented by guitar and piano.
An associate of Virgil Fox, he performed during his career on some of the largest pipe organs in the United States and made numerous compact disc recordings.
After encountering the quality of northern German pipe organs, particularly that of master builder Arp Schnitger, von Beckerath's interest shifted.
The racers smash the looking glass with the pipe wrench, trapping the woman in the comic book.
Her keel was laid on 20 July 1942 at the Western Pipe and Steel Company shipyards in San Pedro, California, she was christened by Mrs. Ona Jones and launched on 8 March 1943, and commissioned on 15 July 1944.
The nozzle on diesel pumps is supposed to be larger so that it cannot fit into the filler pipe on a vehicle tank designed for gasoline.
One night before dinner, Constance sends Merricat upstairs to wash her hands, and Merricat, in her anger against Charles, pushes Charles' still-smoldering pipe into a wastebasket filled with newspapers.
This allows the tube or pipe to be bent and reworked without crimping.
The pipe organ still plays a large part in the leading of traditional western Christian worship, with roles including the accompaniment of hymns, choral anthems and other parts of the worship.
In contrast to many other narrow-gauge routes, the pipe couplings were arranged symmetrically on the vehicles.
 I. paradoxus Prashad & Mukerji, 1929 (armoured stickleback, pipe fish)
Exhaust systems were basic: some had glasspack mufflers, but most had standard exhausts with the pipe cut just before the rear end.
The pipe ceremony may be a component of a larger ceremony, or held as a sacred ceremony in and of itself.
During his travels down the Mississippi River in 1673, Father Jacques Marquette documented the universal respect that the ceremonial pipe was shown among all Native peoples he encountered, even those at war with each other.
The Illinois people gave Marquette such a pipe as a gift to ensure his safe travel through the interior of the land.
In some historical sources written by colonists, a ceremonial pipe is referred to as a calumet (kal-yə-ˌmet, -mət).
Today, pipe bands of the same kind as the known Highland form are a standard feature of British regiments with Irish honours and the Irish Defence Forces, and there are many local bands throughout both the Republic and Northern Ireland.
It is the weathered remains of a diatreme, a type of volcanic pipe.
The pulpit and pipe organ were also built in London.
To service an incoming request, the web server sends environment variable information and the page request to a FastCGI process over either a Unix domain socket, a named pipe, or a Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) connection.
Englishman William Garbutt was brought in as head coach to help revive the club; Garbutt was the first professional manager in Italy and was renowned for being highly charismatic, and also for constantly smoking his tobacco pipe.
 Man with a pipe
The improved showings continued over the next few races: Capelli ran third in Britain before his fuel pipe broke, then finished just outside the points in seventh in Germany.
The building featured a Johnson Pipe Organ and a 450-seat auditorium with a groined ceiling and bowled floor and an adjacent lecture room.
The Fotoplayer would play the piano and pipe organ mechanically using an electric motor, an air pump, and piano rolls while the user of the Fotoplayer would follow the onscreen action while pulling cords, pushing buttons, and pressing pedals to produce relatable sounds to what occurring onscreen.
The Singi pipe is used to suck impure blood from wounds.
De Méritens produced this welding equipment with an enclosed hood and fume extraction pipe, to control the hazardous lead oxide fumes from the hot lead.
In April 2015, Sterling was photographed by the Sunday Mirror allegedly smoking a shisha pipe, and by The Sun allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide for recreational purposes.
(This omnipresence of water, which doubtless spread from Persia to Baghdad and from there to Spain during its Muslim days, has given Spanish many a water-word: aljibe, for example, is Persian jub, brook; cano or pipe, is Arabic qanat—reed, canal.
As the count was underway, Óglaigh na hÉireann members forced a taxi driver to drive a pipe bomb to the building.
25 October: A pipe bomb was thrown at PSNI officers responding to a call in Poleglass, west Belfast.
30 January: Óglaigh na hÉireann was believed to be behind a failed pipe bomb attack on a PSNI landrover in the Oldpark area of North Belfast.
30 November: ONH left a pipe bomb on the doorstep of a house in Ard-Na-Smoll, Dungiven.
The team's home arena, the St. Pete Times Forum, underwent a $35 million renovation that saw additions that included a digital pipe organ and Tesla coils on either side of the main scoreboard that shoot lightning 25 feet.
Owen Jones acquittal in felony murder: Jones was charged of beating a man to death with a pipe during a burglary.
 Dave Gregory: grand piano, acoustic guitar, lead guitar, EBow guitar, Mellotron, sitar, tremolo guitar, slide guitar, 12-string Rickenbacker, pipe organ 
Other fire units used water from static water tanks and a ditch which had filled from the fractured pipe.
Twenty-three other wells were to be drilled, and   of pipe were to be installed.
St. Anthony of Padua church is home to a large 4 manual pipe organ built in 1912 by Casavant Frères of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, as their Opus 489.
The petticoat pipe was new to South Africa.
The spark arresters were made from perforated plate, arranged in V-shape and attached to movable wings which were hinged to the blast pipe so that they could be moved aside when the tubes were being cleaned.
After retirement he spent the rest of his days at the stables of Martin Pipe until his death at the age of 29 in July 2012.
He was given the sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe at the Exchequer for life in 1659 and made a bencher of Gray's Inn in 1660.
When Cyril learned about this he set upon Lucas with a lead pipe, and had to be pulled off him by Len Fairclough (Peter Adamson).
He won seven matches, concluding with a 6–3 victory over Justin Pipe to take the title and the £6,000 prize money.
Matheny was born in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania and raised in Wilmington, Delaware, the son of DiAnn and Mat Matheny, a pipe welder and furniture designer.
GE has a computerized animation of how the ESBWR functions during a pipe break incident on their website.
The immediate result of such a break (call it time T+0) would be a pressurized stream of water well above the boiling point shooting out of the broken pipe into the drywell, which is at atmospheric pressure.
The theater opened with a Robert Morton pipe organ; the opening bill for the theater advertises "".
However, for larger pipe (driven by higher consumption) the 2 ft per second criteria meant extremely high consumption and an oversized polishing system.
Both pipe and fitting are heated on a bushing (outer and inner, respectively) for a prescribed period of time.
The benefit of the BCF system is that there is no weld bead, meaning that the surface of the weld zone is routinely as smooth as the inner wall of the pipe.
The 1130 Pipe Roll noted that Pain was a royal justice in Staffordshire, Gloucestershire, and Pembroke.
Sevend replied that he had found Gunnar's pipe at one of the scenes of the crime, and assumed that they had done all the other things as well.
Service process connects to the pipe by calling the StartServiceCtrlDispatcher() function, after which the SCM sends the service a "start" command.
He stated that it was impossible to state that the engine had suffered a partial failure due to the partial obstruction of the petrol pipe.
On day four of the enquiry, evidence was given by Imperial Airways Inspector of Engines that no example of the petrol pipe used on the aircraft had been rejected due to internal obstruction leading to reduced flow of fuel.
On day eight of the inquiry, various submissions were made to the inquiry in respect of the petrol pipe, the relationship between the Air Ministry and Imperial Airways and the licensing of engineers abroad.
The use of unarmoured pipe had been allowed by Air Ministry officials who were unaware of an instruction issued on 6 December 1923 that armoured piping was to be used.
During high school and college, Bryyn worked as a clarinet, flute, and pipe organ repair technician and started a garage recording studio.
Under the wood and bones was a midden layer, consisting of sherds, shells, pipe fragments and coprolites (preserved human feces).
Rogers uses a long piece of plumbing pipe to simulate a tunnel in which blocks and a car could travel through.
A new company, the Britannia Iron & Steel Works Ltd, was formed late in 1932 making pipe fittings.
In Queensland, three people died in traffic accidents caused by the storm, and another fatality occurred when a boy became trapped in a storm pipe.
This included the dam, reservoir, a  conveyance pipe and a water treatment plant.
Seawater used for cooling leaked into the turbine building from a corroded pipe at 20 cubic meters per hour, as reported by former employees in December 2011.
TEPCO states that there was a temporary oil leak into the sea near the plant, from an oil pipe that may have been damaged in the March disaster.
Within thermodynamics, the thermal entrance length Leh is used to outline the boundary between the fully developed heat flow and the non-fully developed heat flow in a heated/cooled pipe flow of a fluid.
If the wall of the pipe is constantly heated or cooled so that the heat flux from the wall to the fluid via convection is a fixed value, then the bulk temperature of the fluid increases steadily at a fixed rate along the flow direction.
A simple example is a laminar flow which is already hydrodynamically fully developed at x=0, and a constant and uniform pipe wall temperature is maintained.
In addition to ensuring compliance with safety laws, rules and regulations, it is the responsibility of the inspectors to examine people for the following licenses: Power plant engineers and firemen, oil burner technicians, refrigeration technicians, heavy equipment and hoisting operators, sprinkler fitters, pipe fitters, nuclear power plant operators.
That definition states: "The term 'point source' means any discernible, confined and discrete conveyance, including but not limited to any pipe, ditch, channel, tunnel, conduit, well, discrete fissure, container, rolling stock, concentrated animal feeding operation, or vessel or other floating craft, from which pollutants are or may be discharged.
The instrument, restored by Dobson Pipe Organ Builders in 2010, is still played in concerts.
 Patrik Rimmerfors - lead vocals, bouzouki, säckpipa, jaw harp, hurdy-gurdy, cow antler, recorder, willow pipe (2001–present)
The system ran "from St Leonards Archway via the Priory (near the Memorial) to a large arched tank at Rock-a-Nore holding one and a half million gallons, then to the mouth of an iron outlet pipe off Ecclesbourne Glen".
 Björgvin Tómasson – MIDI-controlled pipe organ and MIDI-controlled gamelan–celesta hybrid maker
For waterfall versions, the screen is removed from the pipe and cleaned in a sink with running water.
After the algae are removed, the screen and pipe are put back in the scrubber.
In the final alcove the structure houses a full pipe organ, as well as a stage which was previously used as the church's altar.
They also take the opportunity to salvage unused material from the Brickworks for various projects: John has secured an old motor and fan that he plans to convert into a wind generator to power the lights needed for the firefly, while Katrina has salvaged a large pipe for at least two pieces of furniture.
At the brickworks, Tom and Merv discover that a sprinkler pipe is impeding their container installation, meaning that they must return to the shop and cut the supports down to size.
This is a bone pipe, found in 1938 at the northern section of Samtavro's sepulchre.
But the reeded salamuri represents a wooden pipe of 23–36 cm.
The 9th key is cut out on the opposite side of the pipe (between first and the second keys).
As the water drops down the pipe, air is sucked down with it.
As air accumulates, pressure builds, which will push water up into the riser pipe.
Still Life with Straw Hat (Stillleben mit gelbem Strohhut) also known as Still Life with Yellow Straw Hat and Still Life with Hat and Pipe was painted by Vincent van Gogh in late November - mid-December 1881 or possibly in 1885 in the town of Nuenen.
The drill bit seized and the drill pipe snapped 50 feet below the seafloor.
Two weeks before the attack, a pipe bomb exploded in a garbage bag on a traffic island in southern Jerusalem.
 1992 Ceci n’est pas une pipe (communication project - live talk with the viewers, improvisational narration and excerpts from Miroslav Mandić’s book "Blue Rose"), collaboration with composer Lj.
Copper pipe can be used but it is not recommended for heavy duty shelves.
Pipe shelving supports rest on the floor with floor flanges (these need not be attached) and attaches to the wall with flanges that are directed backwards.
Pipe shelving has even been used in reclamation projects such as shipping container architecture and was used by Marriott hotels in a bar project.
Humidipak Inc. was re-branded as Boveda Inc. in the International Premium Cigar & Pipe Retailers Association (IPCPR) 2012 convention.
Samples for OSL dating were taken by hammering into the profile walls a copper pipe  -  long and  in diameter.
The largest exhibits include a fully restored Wurlitzer theatre organ (attached to a roll-playing mechanism and Steinway grand piano) and a 12-rank roll-playing residence pipe organ.
Installed during the original fitting out of the building in 1935, the 3manual/6rank instrument is the only Compton theatre pipe organ in an Odeon cinema outside London, and one of only two working theatre organs left in the country still performing in their original location in commercially operating cinemas, the other being in the Odeon Leicester Square, London.
Colin Campbell and his Highland Band represented Scotland at the Welsh Eisteddfod for two years running playing with Alasdair Gillies, Jimmy Shand, Edinburgh City Pipe Band, The Corries and many others.
The cathedral houses three pipe organs.
Some of his most famous works are a series of abstract clay sculptures that incorporate manipulated sewer pipe forms.
The three-manual pipe organ was made by Hill and Son, and rebuilt in 1895 by A.
He spread the woolly robe on the grass, sat down upon it and lit his pipe, as if to say, "I’ve done my social duty, now I wish to enjoy myself."
McCreight followed with 'The Wigwam: Puffs from the Peace Pipe in 1943.
Their pipe is a high bowl with little hole for tobacco and a long stem.
Robots use touch signals to map the profile of a surface in hostile environment such as a water pipe.
The stream used is supplied by the UNIX input/output redirection system so that over the pipe system, the result of the calculation can be passed to other operators.
One journal mentioned that Claude owned a Pipe car and was an all-round sportsman whose horses were famed for their mettle and speed.
Her Pipe car was described as a “most tastefully upholstered car in cream and painted in electric blue with a pretty canopy and bowed glass dust screen".
These modified engines could be distinguished by their tapered stove pipe chimney.
This is the volume contained between the inside diameter of the hole and the outside diameter of the pipe.
As the lighter formation fluid flows into the wellbore, the hydrostatic pressure exerted by the annular column of fluid decreases, and the drilling fluid in the drill pipe tends to U-tube into the annulus.
Person was attacked by a man with a lead pipe when Person and Peck attempted to use a whites only lunch counter.
She wrote about her childhood in her debut memoir Leaving Pipe Shop: Memories of Kin.
Leaving Pipe Shop page at the University of Virginia website
Charles Gladding (1828–1894) was born in Buffalo, New York, served as a first lieutenant in the Union Army during the Civil War, and later moved to Chicago, where he engaged in the clay sewer pipe business.
From its base in clay sewer pipe and terra cotta, the company expanded into brick production and then branched out to dinnerware in the 1930s, with its Franciscan and Catalina lines.
The company now identifies its main products as clay roof tile, piazza floor tile, chimney tops and caps, terra cotta, garden pottery and clay sewer pipe.
May 5, 1988: Norco, Louisiana, Shell Oil refinery explosion after hydrocarbon gas escaped from a corroded pipe in a catalytic cracker and was ignited.
Though primarily a fiddler's tunebook, it does contain many local pipe tunes.
This term has also been applied to a different instrument, the bladder pipe.
Where must our Goodman lie, perhaps originally a pipe tune, is found at about the same time in the Balcarres lute manuscript from about 1695 and the George Bowie fiddle manuscript of 1705, both in a more elaborate 6-strain setting by John MacLaughlan, of Edinburgh.
Straightening devices such as honeycombs and vanes inserted upstream of the flow meter can reduce the length of straight pipe required.
The most commonly used description of flow conditions within the pipe is the flow velocity profile.
For Reynolds Number  to  n is approximately 7.5; for Re of , n is approximately 10.0 where a fully developed profile in a smooth pipe was assumed.
The following straight pipe equivalent length in eq.
The second description of the flow field state within the pipe is the turbulence intensity.
The first installation option is to revert to no flow conditioning, but adequate pipe lengths must be provided by the eq.
Then a slight under-registration of flows occurs for distances between approximately 15 to 25 pipe diameters.
The conventional tube bundle provides errors very much dependent on installation details, that is, the elbows on and out of plane, tees, valves and distances from the last pipe installation to the conditioner and conditioner to the orifice plate.
The orifice meter flow calculation is based on fluid flow fundamentals (a 1st Law of Thermodynamics derivation utilizing the pipe diameter and vena contracta diameters for the continuity equation).
Now add to this; sound path reflection from the pipe wall, multipaths to add degrees of freedom, swirl and departure from axisymmetric fully developed flow profile and the problem of integrating the actual velocity flow profile to yield volume flow rate can be an accomplishment.
 Widos UK - UK Supplier of Widos Plastic Pipe Fusion equipment
The study said that additional research was needed on whether the project would need to relocate or maneuver around a nine foot wide DWP water pipe, called the "Sepulveda Feeder".
On 10 March 2010, two pipe bombs were found outside two separate head shops in Athlone, and Garda bomb disposal experts closed two main streets in the town.
Rob and Dan take charge of the needed plumbing, while the other three watch an instructional video on how to mount the pipe.
Charlene, having installed a T pointing down toward the floor at a 45° angle, ends up slicing off the whole pipe in her efforts to fix it and so is forced to restart from the beginning well after everyone else is finished.
In November, "Sally" claimed to have placed a pipe bomb in a garden in the Ferndown area of Dorset.
In November 2000, "Sally" lost patience and sent a letter in which he said he would place a pipe bomb in the garden of a Tesco customer if his demands were not met, prompting the police to seriously consider producing the modified Clubcards.
There can be many different ways to make the shape of them (like into straight lines or finger shaped) and many different ways to pipe them.
 A small pipe organ with a true keyed Glass harmonica, created by 
After these two successes he was moved to the stable of Martin Pipe for the remainder of the season.
Before accepting the position playing for Rose City Park Presbyterian in 2014, Martin was Assistant Organist/Choirmaster at Second Presbyterian Church (Indiana's largest church) under Robert Shepfer, playing the 4m/81r Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ from 1990–1998.
After his move to Portland, Theatre organ came into play again as he served as an associate organist at Uncle Milt's Pipe Organ Pizza in Vancouver, Washington and played for the local organ clubs.
"With the 28 Yuletide Christmas shows coming up in December which will feature the Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ this year, this becomes a reality."
Those were just a few of the comments about the Yuletide Celebration concerts—27 in all, which saw the debut of the newly installed 3m/24r Wuritzer theatre pipe organ by house organist, Martin Ellis, and colleague, Donna Parker.
Other TCB CDs with Ellis include Tales from the Chambers, and A Change of Seasons.. Ellis is featured on the Reynolds Associates Pipe Organ Builders, Inc. website, playing music on two different Reynolds organs.
They then notice water dripping from the ceiling pipe of a nearby room.
As a result, the pipe breaks, and large quantities of water pour in and flood the house.
The Alarm, commissioned by Martin Ryerson for Lincoln Park in Chicago, was intended to commemorate local Ottawa tribes, as part of a monument which originally included four bas-relief panels entitled “ The Peace Pipe,” “The Corn Dance,” “Forestry,” and “The Hunt” on its base (these original panels were stolen in the 1960s and replaced with sand-blasted reproductions).
Some of the studies have been well regarded as stand-alone works of their own volition, particularly the accompaniment piece Man with a Pipe, displayed alongside The Card Players at the Courtauld Gallery in London.
| cachimbo || smoking pipe || catʔokə
| cachimbo || smoking pipe || pua / pue
These include: malt beer, unfortified wine, fortified wine, sparkling wine, ciders, spirits, cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, pipe tobacco and cigars.
After crossing Little Pipe Creek just west of its intersection with Adams Mill Road, the state highway veers to the southeast to parallel the creek.
 specification, location and dimensions for dismantling, relocating and reassembling the original organ pipe screen, organ niches, Compton organ and proscenium arch within the proposed conference room
Lawrence again performed with Pacific Symphony for their 2011 Halloween family program, opening the show with Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565 as well as demonstrating to the audience how the massive pipe organ is played.
| cachimbo || smoking pipe || maˈlaku
The discovery of clay pipe fragments at the site further suggests the special significance of the site, as tobacco use was often communal and privileged activity that supports the idea that the site held some ceremonial significance.
The British destroyer was hit at least seven times that severed the steam pipe to the forward boiler room, damaged the center boiler room, started a fire, and knocked out her steering gear, causing her to ran aground.
At Lockdown Sting defeated both RVD and Mr. Anderson in a Three Way Steel Cage match to retain his championship after he pinned Anderson, also during the match RVD refused to hit Sting with steel pipe when Hulk Hogan gave it to him.
Several engines received fabricated stove pipe chimneys to replace the original cast ones that had been damaged.
Her parents were Colonel Henry Bagot and his wife Dorothea Arden, of Pipe Hall, Warwickshire.
She made her Broadway debut in the musical Pipe Dream (1955).
 Secure - The CCN communication model secures data and not the communication pipe between two specific end-hosts.
Thus, an SCR that uses a rigid, steel pipe that has a considerable bending stiffness is described as a catenary.
In preliminary considerations, in spite of using conventional, rigid steel pipe, the shape of the SCR can be also approximated with the use of ideal catenary equations, when some further loss of accuracy is acceptable.
Complex dynamics, hydrodynamics, including vortex induced vibrations (VIVs) and physics of pipe interactions with the seabed are involved.
VIVs are predominantly controlled with a use of devices attached to the SCR pipe.
The middle segment has buoyant material attached along its entire length, so that the ensemble of the steel pipe and the buoyancy is positively buoyant.
I am certain, from his chronic and increasingly serious cough, that my father also had emphysema from a lifetime of constant pipe smoking.
The park acquired large pipe, angle-iron and cement dinosaurs from Dyck's Dinosaur Park in Maple Ridge.
The harvester was produced in 1975, it already had a hydraulically foldable discharge pipe, loss sensors, wide tires, a cabin with sliding doors and, above all, a characteristic large grain tank, holding 3 tons of wheat, which is almost twice as much as in the Bizon Super.
Orgelbau Vleugels is a pipe organ company producing organs in modern design and restoring historic instruments.
Pipe organ manufacturing in Hardheim has existed since 1855, when organ-builder Ignaz Dörr started his own workshop.
In Assamstadt (III/28), the artistic side of the company was further developed with creative pipe placement and paintings.
Experience in restoration of the most famous pipe organs of the romantic period, built by Aristide Cavaillé-Coll and E. F. Walcker Orgelbau
Instead, each formula is applicable to a limited range of flow and pipe surface conditions.
Someone had removed the pipe to get water because the tap was in the schoolroom.
The infrastructure is supplied to the rows of dwellings in a compact concrete connection (1.5 meters by 0.3 meters), including the hot water, hot water return, vacuum sewer (63 mm pipe diameter), drinking water, electricity, and telecom.
| cachimbo || smoking pipe || ˈkákwì / ˈkwákwì
A pipe organ was installed, it was operated by a hand pump and bellows.
of Pipe Fitting, which was the only one in the schools of Taiwan, was established.
In his early twenties Heil began designing and building various theater pipe organ installations in the Holiday Inn North restaurant in St. Louis, playing the instruments 6 nights a week.
They laid  of pipe that they can fill with liquid explosives and detonate to open the levee and activate the floodway.
In exchange, Mayberry wanted the contract to lay the pipe.
TABs are commonly used in conjunction with pipe brackets, allowing the treehouse structure to move independently with the tree.
In his teens, he began developing a keen interest in radios, vacuum tube circuits, and pipe organs.
The company went on to produce other products for musical tuning, electronic organs, home security, and keyboards, and later developed and produced electronic and electro-mechanical equipment used in pipe organs.
Peterson Electro-Musical Products, Inc. is still family owned, and still has an active research and development program for tuner and pipe organ-equipment product lines.
This means that pipe knocking resulting from pressure pulsations can be avoided.
It presses the plug of material into the pipe.
The said type of gate valve is having a rotating member inside a rotating valve chamber wherein the center of the valve chamber is off-set with the center line of the pumping cylinder and the pumping cylinder and the delivery pipe are on the same axis.
As a result of the initiative on 18 December 1998, nine guns, 350 bullets, two pipe bombs and six detonators were given to the IICD.
The 1916 Hinners pipe organ was replaced in 2002 and another major renovation of St. Mary's was completed in 2003.
A pipe bomb was found on a Dublin-bound bus in Maynooth, County Kildare and made safe after a warning call was made to the Gardaí.
She was also convicted of LVF membership, withholding information about a shooting, and possession of firearms, detonators and pipe bombs.
Gibson had brought the pipe bombs to Drumcree after collecting them from Frankie Curry, an independent loyalist dissident who was noted for his expertise as a bomb maker.
The older pipe organ has been changed and expanded over the years.
31 July 1970 was the final day of the rum ration and it was poured as usual at 6 bells in the forenoon watch (11am) after the pipe of 'up spirits'.
At first he placed light subjects against a background, as in Still Life with Four Stone Bottles, Flask and White Cup (1884) Then he realized the effectiveness of using "pure colors, such as in Still Life with Lemons on a plate (1887) and even more so in Still Life: Drawing Board, Pipe, Onions and Sealing-Wax (1889)."
On the base are four incised granite tablets with scenes of Ottawa life: "The Peace Pipe," "The Corn Dance," "Forestry," and "The Hunt."
Kayama goes to Nenchan, the village drop-out, who spends his days under a tree, smoking a local leaf and indulging in pipe dreams.
A very few of the early pressings were classical music, Robert Noehren on pipe organ, AP-2 and AP-9 for example.
They showed that a neutrally buoyant particle in a laminar pipe flow comes to an equilibrium position between the wall and the axis.
Inside the building were a pump organ in the front left corner, an altar in the center, a high pulpit to the right of the altar, a box stove with a pipe, and two rows of benches without backs.
"1+1" begins with a low fidelity indie rock arrangement which is brought about by distorted guitar arpeggios and a discreet pipe organ.
However, the name was revived in late 1998 by a group of Protestant fundamentalists based in Stoneyford, County Antrim who launched a series of pipe bomb attacks on Gaelic Athletic Association halls and the homes of prominent Irish nationalists in County Antrim and County Londonderry.
After that, the host and the guests would engage in discussion with coffee and tea with the water pipe, and usually in a different room.
Schubert polynomials also can be written as a weighted sum of objects called bumpless pipe dreams.
The pūtōrino varies in length from  and has an uneven bore, swelling out to the centre and diminishing evenly towards the lower end, where the pipe is narrow and has either a very small opening or none at all.
The finest specimens are decorated at both ends with carved figures, and the open mouth is part of a head which is outlined on the flat surface of the pipe.
The outlet pipe from the cooling water chamber could be fitted with a cock, by which way the water could be directed to a fitted union to which a fire-hose could be attached.
The compressed hydrogen gas fuel was stored in a balloon connected by a pipe to the cylinder.
Each coil is easily removed for cleaning, being fastened by individual pipe unions through the side of the evaporator.
The greatest engineering challenge was to build the flow line of concrete pipe from Sooke Lake to Humpback.
Altogether, this factory produced more than 36,000  interlocking sections of concrete pipe.
Sections of pipe were loaded on cars, 22 at a haul, and pulled by a small engine up to the end of the line where they were placed into position.
Struggles like Silent Valley, National Highway Protection Samithy, Chengara, Plachimada, GAIUL Pipe Line, High Speed Rail Corridor, Many mining projects like Mineral sand mining on Arattupuzha Coast, Moolampilly displacement, Malabar Gold pollution, Periyar River Protection, Endosulfan in Kazaragod, Aranmula Airport, Athirappilly and Pooyamkutty HEPs and many others.
His first meeting with Rick quickly escalates to conflict, and Merle is subdued and handcuffed to a pipe, but the keys soon become lost.
Tobias Seicherl, a typical petit bourgeois, was drunk on many occasions and often took to strolling through the streets of Vienna with his walking stick, pipe and dog named Struppi.
Aristolochia acuminata, the native Dutchman's pipe or Indian birthwort is a poisonous perennial vine that is endemic to Asia and Malesia, New Guinea and the Solomon Islands and northern Australia.
1991: Out of This World, Greenwillow, Do I Hear A Waltz?, Love Life, Pipe Dream, The Golden Apple
It included the first pipe organ in Portland.
He is currently developing "The Imperial English Organ", a follow-up to The Elusive English Organ, which follows the story of the English organ and its repertoire from Handel to the present day, and tells the history of England from the point of view of the pipe organ from the Eighteenth to Twenty-First centuries.
It is not an error if this number is smaller than the number of bytes requested; this may happen for example because fewer bytes are actually available right now (maybe because we were close to end-of-file, or because we are reading from a pipe, or from a terminal), or because the system call was interrupted by a signal.
In addition to the nearly 31 miles of sewer pipe built by 1861, cemeteries were removed to the outskirts of the town to Bellefontaine Cemetery and Calvary Cemetery to reduce groundwater contamination, and a large mill pond was drained in 1851.
PIPE Networks founder Bevan Slattery said the NBN is 'economically irresponsible'.
Del Rio won the match after pinning Punk after hitting him with a lead pipe and locking Cena out of the cell.
Franciscan Ceramics are ceramic tableware and tile products produced by Gladding, McBean & Co. in Los Angeles, California, from 1934–1962, International Pipe and Ceramics (Interpace) from 1962–1979, and Wedgwood from 1979-1983.
Due to the economic collapse of 1929, Gladding, McBean & Co. saw its revenue decreasing due to the cessation of new construction, the main source of the demand for its ceramic products: roofing tile, sewer pipe, architectural terracotta, and brick.
Bremen Castings, Inc (BCI) is a 4th generation family owned manufacturer of machined complete gray & ductile iron castings for heavy truck, valves & pipe fittings, pump components, compressors, lawn/garden equipment, and military contract work.
  Justin Pipe (Second round)
He also qualified for the third European Darts Open with a win over Jerry Hendriks, and faced Pipe again in the first round in Düsseldorf, this time winning 6–3.
In 1954, the division experienced success after launching Armaflex, a flexible technical insulator for pipe connections.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
With the approval of the Army Corps of Engineers, a well was dug in 1962 to pipe water from underground springs to create the Lake in the low lying areas of the Cahuilla Creek watershed and to sustain it.
The predecessor for Grinnell Corp. was Providence Steam and Gas pipe Co. founded in Providence Rhode Island in 1850.
In 1874, Henry S. Parmelee of New Haven, Connecticut, patented an automatic sprinkling device, and four years later the Providence Steam and Gas Pipe Co. secured the right to manufacture and install it, paying royalties to the inventor.
In 1964, Deese accepted a full-time position as a designer in the Franciscan Ceramics division of Interpace (International Pipe and Ceramics Corporation) in Los Angeles.
When Craig learns about the drug money hidden in a pipe kept in Joker's room, Craig conspires with Day-Day and Roach to steal it so they can use the money to pay off the debts.
The commanding officer chose to form a pipe band based on his wartime experience of military bands sustaining heavy casualties whilst performing the role of stretcher bearers.
Richards, Winsor in 1905 brought together the Massachusetts Pipe Line Gas Company, the Bay State Gas Company of Massachusetts, and the Boston, Brookline, Dorchester, Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and South Boston gas companies into the $15 million Boston Consolidated Gas Company.
Fenella had been moored in the outer harbour at Douglas the previous night, and refuse discharges from a hopper barge had been washed up by the incoming tide, choking the pipe.
Ian Laurence King, lately Pipe Major to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.
By the end of the 12th century, a County of Lancaster was increasingly being referred to in the Pipe rolls.
Augustus sneezes into the chocolate river and is sucked into a large pipe.
While there are different types of biodigester designs, the design EOS uses consists of a plastic bag to harness the biogas and PVC pipe to connect the chamber to the gas range.
PJSC Khartsyzk Pipe Plant is located in Khartsyzk city, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.
Solar calculators use liquid crystal displays, as they are power-efficient and capable of operating in the low-voltage range of 1.5–2 V. Some models also use a light pipe to converge light onto the solar cells.
To allow for variations of the tilting angle, the ball turning angle of a dredge ball joint is 15 degrees to 18 degrees, and the discharge pipe variation for a dredge ball joint ranges from 10 mm to 30 mm.
Once they were in the basement, Ramirez beat, strangled and raped Leung before stabbing her to death with a switchblade, hanging her partially nude body from a pipe by her blouse.
Pacific Clay produced sewer pipe until 1997 in Corona, California.
The Class S1 boiler was provided with SAR standard boiler fittings, such as a multi-valve steam regulator fitted in the smokebox, a duplex top-feed valve for the delivery of feedwater from the injectors, a soot blower and external exhaust pipe to the smokebox, and a steam turret for the distribution of steam to the various steam-operated mechanisms.
It was there that Huybrechts reached his debut major final with comfortable victories over Vincent van der Voort, Michael Smith, Peter Wright and Justin Pipe, with his average of 104.34 against Wright in the quarter-finals being at the time his highest on television.
In 1987, the station attained notoriety when a pipe burst leaving the surrounding streets so badly flooded that residents had to be evacuated.
The chapel has its own small pipe organ for musical accompaniment; the chapel is very lively acoustically.
During the tenure of Dr. Steele, rector, and H. Alexander Matthews, organist-choirmaster, the church purchased a new pipe organ which was installed in 1925.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection estimated that 100 m³ of jet fuel had leaked from the pipe.
The Toledo Area Theatre Organ Society has had their headquarters at the Ohio Theatre since 1977, and since 1985 has featured the former Rivoli Theatre's Marr and Colton theatre pipe organ.
Gladding, McBean & Co. grew from one factory manufacturing sewer pipe and architectural terra cotta in Lincoln, California to factories throughout California and the Pacific Northwest.
Pacific Clay Products continues to manufacture sewer pipe.
Guru Isa learns of this after finding Hazil's smoking pipe under a pillow in the bedroom and becomes furious, but is unable to confront Fatimah or Hazil.
 Richards, Fowkes & Co., American builders of historical-style mechanical-action pipe organs
Four works from 1968 – a Rope Piece, a Wire Piece and two Pipe Pieces – were included in the legendary 1969 exhibition “Live in Your Head: When Attitudes Become Form” curated by Harald Szeemann at Kunsthalle Bern.
In the Dunmurry area of Belfast, a member of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) was killed when the pipe bomb he was handling exploded prematurely.
Chris didn't record with Alchemilla, but released a three-song EP titled The Lost EP with Pipe.
 The Lost EP by Pipe (2005)
It is made from a wooden box and a PVC pipe.
E♭ Contrabass Bugle -  The bugle is made from re-purposed PVC pipe and a traffic cone for the bell.
It features a re-purposed PVC pipe body, bottle cap keys, and a balloon reed.
The album consists of improvisations on the massive Karl Joseph Riepp "Trinity" Baroque pipe organ, "the larger of the two Karl Joseph Riepp (1710-1775) organs at the Benedictine Abbey in Ottobeuren".
The devotee of Jarrett's piano will quickly discover that his organ idiom has nothing to do with his piano performances; he likes slow-moving, pulseless, sometimes dissonant, sometimes reverent or ecstatic smears of sound (which makes practical sense in the hugely reverberant churches where pipe organs are found).
Circular windows, columns, large indoor paintings, a large pipe organ, and semi-circular windows accent the building.
On Canada's east coast typical cages are circular and constructed of high density poly pipe (HDPE).
Pipe Dream Blues: Racism and the War on Drugs by Clarence Lusane
Coshocton was settled in 1778, when Lenape leader, Pipe, and the warlike members of his tribe, departed from the Tuscarawas and relocated on the Walhonding River, about fifteen miles above the present site of Coshocton, Ohio.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1894 by  Peter Conacher and Company.
Bids were taken and in August 1918 a contract was signed with a local plumbing firm for the installation of a completely new hot water heating system was installed based on the what was then new Durham system of threaded pipe and cast iron fittings.
The structure, built of pink Medina sandstone and featuring fifty-six Tiffany stained glass windows  and a Johnson pipe organ, is in the Orleans County Courthouse National Historic District.
The organ, from the Johnson Pipe Organ Company, Westfield, Mass., arrived in early November; company workmen spent the rest of the month installing it.
The work was performed by Heritage Pipe Organs of North Tonawanda, NY with the assistance of church volunteers.
As well as his bow and arrows, he is equipped with a wavin pipe and tomahawk.
Inside the buffet, or the wall behind the fountain, was a hollow chamber called the bassin de repartition, connected by a pipe to the source of water below.
As the water poured from the canons,  water was drawn by a siphon effect from the pipe below, keeping the bassin filled.
For this eight Freya antenna arrays were mounted on a  pipe mast in two columns, each four antennae high.
The main drain sets the present water level and the previous ditch is now infilled for part of its length with a pipe within it.
Pipe Organ Rock, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Silverlight 3 also includes a LocalConnection API to communicate (using a named pipe style model) among multiple running applications on the same machine, irrespective of the browser and can monitor for network connectivity events.
Instead of using a wooden cuckoo pipe, these examples have small reed/horn assemblies.
Ethylene glycol—prevents formation of scale deposits in the pipe.
Pipe bomb explosions injured four soldiers on 27 September.
2002: By Jupiter; Pipe Dream; A Connecticut Yankee; Peggy-Ann; Too Many Girls
At the end of the book Six impaled him with a pipe he was using to harvest the Loric energy underneath Sanctuary, severely wounding him and 
She is after shocked and furious at Five, calls him a 'monster' and knocks him out with a pipe.
With a total of seven weeks work, the pipe system was expected to be complete late January 2005.
Then he creates a wheel of cheese with his pipe, tempting the mice to go in and eat it, and once all of the mice were in the holes of the cheese, he makes it vanish.
His Shōkanjū wears a kimono under a coat with six feathers and wields a giant pipe.
Supported by the gantries and by using hydraulic winches the dredge drag head and suction pipe are let down onto the sea bottom in order to suck a mixture of water and sand.
Air connections between the cars are made through two air hoses, brake pipe, and main reservoir.
The auxiliary chimney at the rear avoided the need to have an exhaust steam pipe running the length of the locomotive to the smokebox at the front end.
On 16 June escape, Bruce, Major R. Lorraine and John "Bosun" Chrisp tunnelled through sewers into an old well in the German yard that had a pipe that lead into the river, but were again detected.
In response to Porky's "deadbeat" behavior, Daffy holds Porky's baggage which has Acme blasting powder in it, which Porky deliberately sets off shortly after he starts his car (the exhaust pipe lights the powder leaking from the briefcase) as Daffy walks inside the hotel.
† When Schroeder tried to get the pipe across the tracks, he pushed one side harder than the other, causing it to fall off the tracks.
† At the end of the Devil's Swing Kobayashi tried to grab the bar of the Pipe Slider, but he missed and the bar moved too far away from him.
Thus, he was unable to reach the Pipe Slider when he jumped for it and he fell into the water.
St Mary's Church of Ireland, another 19th-century building, is also to be found in this part of the road and it is noted for its historic pipe organ.
CAL-414 Guy Melendy (George Wright) Pop Pipe Organ in Hi-Fi
Additionally, there are a pipe production factory, a glass-making factory, a metal production plant, as well as enterprises of construction and food industries.
During the last step of worship, nagaswaram (a pipe instrument) and tavil (a percussion instrument) are played, religious instructions in the Vedas (sacred text) are recited by priests, and worshippers prostrate themselves in front of the temple mast.
During his trip, Aoyama took special note of a phone booth near Big Ben and a drain pipe, engraved with the words "Valley of Fear", on the Westminster Bridge; these two aspects were used in the story.
It houses an 1888 pipe organ by Alfred Hunter & Sons of London.
The water of the newly reconstructed habitat spring pond is fed into a pipe system by an overflow drain.
Lead Pipe is the second studio album by American rapper Grand Daddy I.U.
The first Army Class of Instruction was held at Cameron Barracks in 1910 under the expert tutelage of Pipe Major John MacDonald and supervisory direction of the Piobaireachd Society.
In 1907, he worked for the Indiana Pipe Line Company and the Ohio Oil Company.
Clitterhouse Brook, a tributary of the River Brent, runs along the southern edge in a concrete pipe which is visible in places.
Keith Jarrett – pipe organ, soprano saxophone
The church had a three-manual 26-speaking-stop tubular pneumatic-action pipe organ installed in the north transept in 1899 by Brindley & Foster.
Another test was done with a 1200°F(649°C) pipe.
The church contains a pipe organ of uncertain date made by Kirkland of London at their Wakefield branch which opened in 1893.
PVC Bendit is a tool that uses heat to soften PVC pipe from the inside.
It works by bringing up the temperature of the pipe or sheet to the softening point of 176 degrees or higher.
Once the pipe is softened, it can be formed into different shapes within the limitations of the material.
The inventor, Victor Johnson of Manitou Springs, Colorado, was looking for a method to bend long sticks of clear PVC to make a lighting system, and he could not find a method to efficiently bend more than two feet of pipe at a time.
A specification of the organ can be found on the British Institute of Organ Studies National Pipe Organ Register at N04546.
The roving pipe and the frame, where the base material is fixed onto, move synchronized stepwise to perform a zigzag stitch relative to needle position.
The church had a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews installed in 1861.
The current two-manual pipe organ is by Wordsworth and Maskell and dates from around 1900.
Cena applied the STF on Del Rio but Ricardo Rodriguez opened the cell door and threw a lead pipe into the ring.
Punk attempted a GTS on Del Rio but Del Rio hit Punk with the lead pipe and pinned Punk to win the title.
On 31 January 2012, six liters of radioactive water (35.500 becquerels per liter) leaked from the spent fuel pool of reactor 4 onto the floor in the building from a broken pipe.
The polyvinyl pipe was replaced, and the cooling system was restarted at 1:45pm.
In 1906 the giant pipe organ manufactured by the Brothers Casavant of St. Hyacinthe was installed and in November 29 of that year the church was officially dedicated.
A second market sector is aimed at applications in Nondestructive testing (NDT) such as pipe inspections in refineries and the petrochemical industry, composite material testing in the aerospace industry as well as inspection of welding in shipyards and art and archeological artifacts.
The current 2 manual pipe organ is by Vincent Woodstock and dates from around 2000.
The pipe organ is a 17-stop instrument.
On the evening of 9 October, two holes were drilled into the pipe to install a filter for radioactive substances inside the containment vessel; this was 2 weeks behind the schedule TEPCO had set for itself.
 A leaking pipe was found at 1.00 AM.
The dvoyanka is a double pipe (gaida), which has a form of a rectangular prism or which is more rarely is composed form two parallel cylindrical tubes.
Originally sent into training with Henry Candy in Oxfordshire, his best performances came after he was bought out of a claimer in 1995 and joined the stable of Martin Pipe.
Pipe described him after the race as "a very good, tough horse, a real athlete".
On the end of the pipe a so-called trailing drag head is connected.
The two-manual organ was made in 1903 by Abbott and Smith of Leeds, and was restored in 1990 by Principal Pipe Organs.
Since the 1970s, there has been increasing interest in treating the wastewater to protect the environment, and efforts focused primarily on cleaning the water at the end of the pipe.
In the era of pipe organs which used hand-pumped blowers, and of churches which were only heated during church services, organists used pedal harpsichords and pedal clavichords as practice instruments (see also: pedal piano).
Soldiers were issued white pipe clay which was used to whiten the belts to maintain their appearance.
It has since been linked to the seepage water measurement shaft (Sickerwasser-Messschacht) by a steel pipe.
The siphon pipe has a vent in the concrete ring on the dam crest.
In 1938, Frobenius Orgelbyggeri built a new pneumatic organ with partially recycled pipe material.
A length of pipe commonly used to refuel small boats was found, partly burned, near the tanker.
The exhaust from the high-pressure cylinders passed to a receiver pipe,  in internal diameter, arranged along the centre line of the locomotive and with a ball-joint at the connection with the high-pressure cylinder casting.
The exhaust from the low-pressure cylinders was carried by a pipe, also  in internal diameter, with flexible connections leading into the smokebox.
The pipe organ is located in the front of the cathedral near the altar.
The parish undertook a renovation project in 1993 that included a new pipe organ by W. Zimmer and Sons of Charlotte, North Carolina, a new baptistery, electrical and other additions to the parish plant.
He escapes through a nearby drainage pipe, but ends up in a music shop, where he encounters a local Don (Deshpande), who is impressed by Michael's musical talent.
On 12 March 2012, a pipe bomb was left yards from the school gates in the street opposite, Flora Street.
The exhaust from the high-pressure cylinders passed through a receiver pipe along the centre of the engine to the low-pressure cylinders.
This was essentially a drillship with sonar equipment and cameras attached to the end of the drilling pipe.
The present fine Henry Bevington and Sons pipe organ was installed in 1873.
The player has a set length of pipe for each level.
It was fed by a pipe from the boating lake and discharged into the Tottle Brook.
Shepherd with a flute, or Boy with a Pipe, is a painting in oil on canvas of perhaps 1510–1515, in recent decades usually attributed to Titian, though in the past often to Giorgione.
The church had a pipe organ installed around 1907 by William Andrews of Bradford.
From here it was picked up by a bucket elevator which worked in a large pipe.
The concert featured lead vocalists Chloë Agnew, Lisa Kelly, Lisa Lambe and fiddler Máiréad Nesbitt with the Aontas Choral Ensemble and the Celtic Woman band and orchestra led by musical director and pianist David Downes, as well as the Atlanta Pipe Band and the Gwinnett Young Singers.
In addition, all regiments have additional pieces for slow marches, marches for mounted parades and pipe marches.
Sandbags and gravel help prevent scour, and can be used to support areas where the pipe spans a local depression.
In 1948, the congregation purchased a Wurlitzer electronic organ for $4,500.00 to replace the old pipe organ.
The project included air-conditioning, cleaning and repairing the stained glass windows and a Schantz 58-rank, three-manual pipe organ (opus 1765).
The plant changed hands again in 1988 when it was purchased by Oregon Steel Mills and remained in operation as Napa Pipe until 2004.
Cheever has world cup starts in pipe and big air.
Mozart met with Silbermann during his (Mozart's) stay in Strasbourg in 1778, and played on the pipe organs in the two Lutheran churches Saint-Thomas (preserved), and Temple Neuf (destroyed in 1870), which he calls ″Silbermann's best".
The exhaust steam from the rear engine unit was conveyed to the smokebox through a pipe arranged on the left-hand side of the engine on the outside of the main boiler frame.
As built, the locomotives were not successful, with the result that they were staged for some time while the Mechanical Engineer of the Durban workshops, G. Ramsay, carried out experiments with the blast pipe arrangement.
Steam stop valve - regulates the flow of steam that is produced in the boiler to the steam pipe, and may also be used to stop the supply of steam from the boiler
The weir at Schloss Schönebeck, as well as pipe laying at Vegesack railway station had previously caused impassable obstacles for migrating fish.
The pipe organ was removed and replaced by an electronic organ.
Inside was installed an electric sump pump, which connected to a surface pipe that spilled into the same pit pond as the beam engine.
In addition, three smoke bombs and a knife were found on Bosse's body, ten additional smoke bombs and an incendiary bomb in his backpack, and four pipe bombs planted around the school.
For example, she uses them to protect herself from a security guard's gunfire during the episode's climax (and retaliates by hurling a steel pipe at the hapless guard, impaling him through the neck and killing him instantly).
Recently Molapowabojang water supply has been connected to the Lobatse pipe lines to provide a steady water supply for the village.
The runoff water usually goes through a fine media filter and proceeds downward where it is collected via a perforated pipe leading to downstream waterways or storages.
The existing pipe organ was installed in 1899 and a school room was added in 1907.
St. Cecilia is depicted in the window above the pipe organ.
Another statement separator, pipe, denotes "tight sequential composition": no other task can be run between a and b in a|b.
The current pipe organ was installed in 2002.
I also appreciated the resonance with Magritte's This Is Not A Pipe painting, plus Eazy-E ran Ruthless Records (pronounced Roofless).”
Its music includes Pipe organ, electronica-tinged sounds and features the Choir Graduale Nobili, the choir featured on Biophilia.
He was the recipient of the George Grover Medal that was given at the 19th International Heat Pipe Conference in Pisa, Italy in June 2018.
Heat Pipe Science and Technology.
In a 1992 survey, "nine of the 119 water purveyors that receive DWSD water indicated that considerable amounts of unlined cast-iron pipe were in place", and that "two-thirds of the eighteen survey respondents also indicated that red/rusty water occurrences were the most common cause of customer complaints".
Saint Johns was closed from February 1893 to September 14, 1893, to construct the spires, install a pipe organ, and decorate the interior.
Originally specialized in pipe tools it later diversified into a wider product range, including mechanical tools, non-sparking tools, titanium non-magnetic tools, insulated tools and explosion-proof intrinsically safe instruments.
The process can be undertaken on all pipe materials, on diameters from 8mm to 600mm, and on lengths of several kilometres.
Likewise the ice will exit the pipe with ease through any fire hydrant.
The church contained a small 2 manual pipe organ with 12 speaking stops dating from 1881.
In 1952 the town was known to be involved in tobacco production and contained a pipe making factory.
There are patchy documentary records which mention many more, though the royal library was from about 1318 covered in the records of the "Chamber", which have survived far less completely than the pipe rolls of the main Exchequer.
Professor Serafino Bolletta is a bizarre inventor, who has just invented a pipe which saves on smoking and health: the PPCIP-18.
On systems without /dev/fd support, it calls mkfifo with a new temporary filename to create a named pipe, and substitutes this filename on the command line.
This pipe will be accessible with something like /dev/fd/63; you can see it with a command like echo <(true).
Execute the primary command, replacing the substituted command with the path of the anonymous pipe.
Forming the stay-cable bundle involved installing each individual strand one at a time and encapsulating them using an external HDPE pipe with double helical ribs.
In 1926, the church was expanded and reached its current size, was also dedicated to Christ the King next year, were installed the new pipe organ and bells.
JM Eagle is an American corporation and a manufacturer of plastic pipe.
The trustee acquires no beneficial interest in the property, acting merely as a conduit pipe in carrying out the dispositions in favour of the beneficiary.
The whole of eastern Nova Scotia turns up for Sword Dances, pipe bands, athletic  events, and general celebration of the region's strong ties to Scotland and Scottish culture.
The insects normally walk around the PVC pipe in which they are housed but begin to migrate towards the source of an odour when it is the one that they were trained to recognise.
Amongst others, the company built the four manual organ in Norwich Cathedral (1899, rebuilds and upgrades in 1940–42, 1950 and 1969), the 5038 pipe instrument in Lichfield Cathedral (1899, rebuilds 1908 and 1974).
He began with a kerosene tin hat, five o'clock shadow and was smoking a pipe with his right hand.
  D00936 St. Andrew's Church, Main Street, Sedbergh, Yorkshire, West Riding in The National Pipe Organ Register (NPOR)
In 1275 Mabel and Alice, the prioresses respectively of Black Ladies and Blithbury, recorded a land deal with one Robert de Pipe.
The feathers of Foghorn's upper half come out from the end of the pipe on Dawg's side after the explosion.
| 22 || pipa || pipe || ouchete
Considering his life at risk, Walt attempts to kill Gus with a pipe bomb attached to his car, but Gus senses something amiss and walks away from the vehicle.
In 1904, the Pottery sewer pipe plant was built between Carnegie and Tesla.
As one example of the scale of expenditure required, in May 2021, the Wellington City Council approved a 10 year plan that included expenditure of $2.7billion on water pipe maintenance and upgrades in Wellington city, and an additional $147 to $208 million for plant upgrades at the Moa Point wastewater treatment plant.
G & C Hoskins had been a large customer of William Sandford Limited—using pig iron in their iron pipe foundry in Sydney—and one of the very few outside shareholders of William Sandford Limited.
Three officers were injured in the skirmish between Occupy protesters, as protesters threw bottles, metal pipe, rocks, spray cans, improvised explosive devices, and lit flares, police said, in a large skirmish on the front steps of the Oakland Museum of California.
 Charles Davidson Dunbar (1870–1939), pipe major
A group of rebels approached the pipe where Gaddafi was hiding and ordered him to come out, which he did slowly.
She also studied pipe organ, early instruments, and voice while in high school and college.
2011 Lone Wolf New York City, Bayonne, NJ pipe bombs plot.
The music video was directed by Pipe Orjuela between cities Bogota and Ibagué and was released in her YouTube channel on May 16, 2012 reaching the top of the radio video channels.
Jeremy Dunham of IGN stated, "Certainly not the greatest game to ever slide down the pipe, Xtreme Sports is still not without some charm.
Features include quarter pipe, hip jumps, spines, and more.
A new 42-rank pipe organ by the Wicks Organ Company was installed in September, 2003, and the Service of Consecration was celebrated on Sunday, October 5, 2003.
It is also very important that the entire dredge pipe pieces to follow the shape of the flow resulting in low frictions and to avoid vortexes.
Still, the dapper Paul Bley, pipe alit, will arrive at the studio, and by the end of the day a project is completed, with attention paid to all the details that will make such an album an enjoyable, varied listening experience."
The organ in the church is a two manual pipe organ dating from 1867 by J. W. Walker.
The organ in the Lady Chapel is a small positive pipe organ.
A fragmentary bird effigy bowl and a human effigy ceramic pipe were found at the burial mound by children from the school.
With a deep sorrow Ōkuninushi placed a long pipe at the bottom of the sea all the way through from Dōgo Onsen to Beppu to supply therapeutic thermal waters for him to bathe, by the grace of which he was saved.
 288 holdings in the following townships: Abbots Bromley, Acton Trussell, Bednall, Beaudesert and Longdon, Bosoomoor, Congreve, Coppenhall, Cannock, Drayton, Dunston, Huntington, Hatherton, Linell, Levedale, Longridge, Otherton, Pipe Ridware, Penkridge, Pillaton, Preston, Stretton, Saredon and Shareshill, Teddesley, Water Eaton, Wolgarston, Walsall Estate Rental
The original grand pipe organ in the cathedral dated to the 15th century but was largely destroyed by the fire of 1481.
Jacobson restored the dam, replaced pipe, and modernized the power house.
Later, Stewie secures a Twinkie to stuff in Brian's tail pipe on his car but ends up going for an unexpected ride with Brian where he chases a squirrel in his car and kills it.
All services are balanced to reduce turbulence within pipe and ductwork.
Also, sometimes water is contaminated because of pipe bursts.
In the garage the police found four live pipe bombs, 14 kg of TNT and Nazi propaganda.
Clayton Mark and Company was a manufacturer of steel pipe and water well supplies located in Evanston, Illinois.
Clayton Mark (June 30, 1858 – July 7, 1936), one of the pioneer makers of steel pipe in the United States, was an industrialist in the Chicago area who founded the Mark Manufacturing Company in 1888, a firm for the fabrication and sale of water-well supplies and Clayton Mark and Company in 1900.
In 1900, he built a pipe mill in Evanston, IL, bought another in Ohio in 1901, a zinc mining company in 1906, and in 1916 Mark built a steel mill in Indiana Harbor to supply his own requirements for steel.
The original concept was to concentrate and direct light concentrated by a buoyant cassegrain reflector telescope structure down a buoyant reflective pipe  to the ground for use in conventional steam turbine power generation.
Originally the Kewsick had an Aeolian-Votey pipe organ (Opus 1689) which was installed with a wide array of percussion traps for the accompaniment of silent films.
BBC Radio work included twenty Rumpole plays, twenty-three of The Stanley Baxter Playhouse, eight Two Pipe Problems, four series of Baggage, and the Classic Serials: My Last Duchess, The Book of Love, Great Expectations, Lady Chatterley's Lover, The Card, Clarissa, The Lost World and The Heat of the Day.
When used with the Lisa, the printer could produce simple graphics by microstepping the print head and using the period, pipe ( | ), and slash characters.
It represents himself in profile, with a pipe in his mouth."
The fuselage pod is made from gas tungsten arc welded aluminum tubing and composite, attached to a partially double-sleeved aluminum irrigation pipe.
One, made of pipe,  planks or round rails, resembles a traditional fence, with fewer rails than a traditional type, as the modern domestic horse usually respects fences and does not consider the normal gaps between fence rails to offer a means of escape.
Charles grew up in Tulsa, the son of Sarah Goldstein, a Jewish emigrant from Riga, Latvia, and Sam Schusterman, a Jewish emigrant from Minsk, Belarus, who was in the used oilfield pipe equipment business.
Capillary blood sampling, generally by using a blood lancet for puncture, followed by sampling by capillary action with a test strip or small pipe.
Inside the pipe is extremely cold and saline water produced by the growth of the sea ice above, accumulated through brine channels.
This causes the vaporized alcohol to be condensed and trickle down through the pipe.
2 Pipe (K2), and four kimberlite dyke zones, along which four small blows or enlargements have been discovered.
On the night of June 29, 1863,  the Army of the Potomac was deployed in the Pipe Creek defense in northern Maryland with cavalry divisions north of the state line at Fairfield and at Littlestown (Farnsworth's Brigade  of Kilpatrick's Cavalry Division left Littlestown for Hanover in a light rain).
Edward Gierski, who commanded the search and rescue operation, also has doubts: "Despite all official reports and photos of damaged valves, I am still not sure if the explosion was caused by leakage in a gas pipe.
Wes Newton  3–4 Justin Pipe
Post landing inspection of the aircraft revealed an exhaust pipe had cracked and caused the lower engine cowling to catch fire just forward of the engine air intake.
In 1961, a nineteenth-century Gray and Davison pipe organ was installed although this was removed in the 1990s and replaced with an electronic substitute.
A pipe organ was installed in 1923.
In 1988, to replace the original organ build in 1872 by the Swiss manufacturer Johann Nepomuk Kuhn, the Tonhalle was equipped with a pipe organ built by the German firm Kleuker-Steinmeyer.
Techlog 2014.1 released July 2014 and added new Cement and Pipe Integrity, Shale modules.
The loch was drained through a culvert that was later converted to a pipe.
In 1903, one water pipe was obstructed by a three-foot eel.
An example is the Still life with lemons, grapes, a pipe and filleted fish (At Dorotheum Vienna on 9 April 2014, lot 566).
The earliest recorded member of the family is Osemundus Bulloc at Arborfield, Berkshire, who is found in the pipe rolls of Berkshire in 1166.
Kristen grabs a pipe and knocks him into a pile of wood.
This pipe may have to do with the Reformation, to make the originally catholic bishop figure more secular.
The devil appeared and Gabler signed his soul to the devil with his blood and got a piece of metal that he should use to cast pipe.
In one interview he specifically noted that Jack Saffin's pipe was unlit and filled with fresh tobacco.
Sergius Rubellius Plautus, named on a lead water pipe found at Rome.
 2012: 1st round: (lost to Justin Pipe 1–3) (sets)
Line blind valve: a thin sheet oriented perpendicular to the pipe.
Installing a bypass pipe with a pushbutton to open valve (normally spring closed valve) between the inlet and outlet of the security valve can let the upstream and downstream pressure can be equalized on both sides of the security valve, so it can be reset.
He also worked as part of a survey crew, a pipe inspector, a receptionist at an information kiosk at the Smithsonian in Washington D. C., and elevator operator at the Washington Monument.
In 1931 a Harrison and Harrison pipe organ was installed on a platform immediately west of the chancel.
In a heat pump two pipe system all of the zones must either be all in cooling or all in heating.
Ronan Browne – Flute, Pipe, Whistle (Instrument)
All catholic churches have their own pipe organ.
Sewer pipe was run from the second floor.
He also obtained a degree of Advanced Studies in Piano at the Academy Bartolomeo Cristofori with the pianist Sergio Fiorentino, and a specialization in Pipe Organ with James Edward Goettsche.
The single was composed by Marbelle, Pipe Bueno and Pasabordo.
 "Real", a song by the Verve Pipe from Villains
This includes the Mwadui kimberlite pipe in the center of Tanzania.
ISO 2852 Stainless steel clamp pipe couplings for the food industry was an international standard that defines a non-permanent sanitary food-grade piping interconnect method, commonly used in the food processing industry and with dairy farm equipment.
an enclosing clamp with C-shape clamping sections that cover the outer circumference of the flanges, applying pressure to squeeze the two pipe sections together onto the sealing ring.
 3A pipe fitting (This terminology includes other types of fittings.
The day's events began as a crowd of several hundred assembled at the Plankinton House and moved in procession to the Burns Monument, led by the Caledonian Pipe Band.
A very traditional pub until a make-over in the last decade to match the more trendy hostelrys on St. Mary's Street, it was originally adorned with years-old pictures of the regulars behind the bar, and in 1967 there still existed an open brass gas pipe for lighting one's choice of smoking implement.
On volcanic islands the sea can enter the caldera and the face of the volcanic pipe can form a steep coastline.
He then created the Adventures of Pillul appearing in several publications of  Editions SAETL (Selection daredevil, the Corsair and Texas Bill), then next the adventures of Professor Mirobolantes Pipe for the My Weekly Journal series.
Glen Branagh, a 16-year-old member of the UDA's youth group Ulster Young Militants, was killed in the Tiger's Bay area on 11 November 2001 after a pipe bomb he was wielding during clashes at the interface area exploded prematurely.
In 1889 he raised funds for a pipe organ and then a metal fence to surround the property.
Justin Pipe was named PDPA Players' Player of the Year, and Gary Anderson picked up the and Pro Tour Player of the Year title, having each won three and seven Pro Tour titles respectively.
She is a delicate woman who enjoys smoking a pipe and adores her charges, though she can be strict at times.
Previously, the clinic had been bombed twice in 1984; a pipe bomb destroyed the building on June 25 of that year, and four youths—Matt Goldsby, Jimmy Simmons, Kathy Simmons, and Kaye Wiggins—bombed it on Christmas Day, calling the crime "a gift to Jesus on his birthday."
The church's pipe organ dates from the 1850s and was brought from the Congregational Church in Maidstone in 1973.
Another additive technique was to simple pipe the gesso from a bag through a nozzle, like icing a cake, to give long round lines, often used as the tendrils in foliage designs.
United States Air Force Pipe Band
Data sent to stdout are printed to the screen by default but are easily redirected to another file using the normal Unix redirectors (> and >>), or to another command via a pipe (|).
The human figures hold not only weapons but also spiritual objects: an eagle feather fan and a peace pipe.
He took out finishes of 158 and 122 to win 6–4 and then defeated Justin Pipe 6–4 and Kim Huybrechts 6–3 to reach his first PDC final.
At the 17th event he overcame Gary Anderson, Prakash Jiwa, Kyle Anderson, Dave Chisnall, Justin Pipe and Mensur Suljović to play in his first PDC final, where he lost 6–1 to Michael van Gerwen.
In this paragraph Caelius quotes Apollonius of Memphis as separating two forms of dropsy, one marked by retention of fluid and the other by the inability to retain fluid; the patient discharges whatever he drinks as if it were passed through a pipe.
A voice prosthesis has a one-way valve near the esophageal flange that enables pulmonary air to pass into the esophagus and pharynx for sound production and prevents content from the food pipe, such as liquids or saliva, from entering the trachea.
This causes leakage of saliva or drinks, which enters the wind pipe and makes the person concerned cough.
however, and in 2010, several pipe leaks were discovered under the interchange, that is why the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority closed down its outer lanes.
|align="left"|  Justin Pipe
Peter & Paul Italian Catholic Church is a 1981 Shantz Pipe Organ.
The two manual, six rank pipe organ was built by Page Organ Company in 1928.
It was also Gillette who introduced the famous curved pipe as a trademark Holmes prop.
Since 1972 the church has had a Gabriel Kney tracker pipe organ.
Also, Sizzla, Morgan Heritage, Luciano, Turbulence, Pressure Buss Pipe, and Ishi Dube.
Organist George Wright recorded a version in 1955 on the former Paradise Theatre Wurlitzer pipe organ that became a classic and was often used to demonstrated high-fidelity equipment.
Each lock is circled by a pipe railing, and has a lock shack built in 1917.
It is also notable for containing a rose window by Hugh Ray Easton and a pipe organ by Henry Willis II of Henry Willis & Sons.
Riak 1.0 was released in September 2011 and featured secondary indexes, Riak Pipe, Riak Search integration, Lager, and LevelDB support.
This company was famous for manufacturing of pipe organs for movie theaters in the silent era.
There was a ladder either side to allow filling via an industrial rubber hose into a flip-top dome casing, while a steel pipe exited at the bottom of the tank with a tap either end of the chassis between the buffer beams for extraction.
Pipe Gate was a railway station on the North Staffordshire Railway's Stoke to Market Drayton Line.
It was hence named Pipe Gate (for Woore).
Sherlock Holmes smokes cigarettes, but Watson comes up with the idea of the famous pipe for effect.
The church contains a pipe organ by Henry Bevington.
Magnetic survey work done in 1956   depicts an elliptical positive anomaly  long in an east–west direction and  wide, which probably defines the limits of the pipe.
Herbert was probably dead by 1129–1130, when the Pipe Roll of 1130 records his son as owing a fine for the inheritance of his father's lands, a fine totalling over 353 marks, perhaps as much as 500.
Often pipe bands will tune the tenor drums to play different pitches, allowing for more melodic and harmonic accompaniment to the band.
Although more difficult rhythms are becoming popular among competitive pipe bands and competitive solo tenor drummers, the idea of a basic rhythmic accompaniment from the bass section is still the more popular ideal.
The water tower consists of a clapboard-covered shaft enclosing the stand pipe.
It occurs both at the pipe mill and in the field.
Two years later, the town got its first water pipe system, its first two primitive street lamps and a town hall.
Manoah was found hanging from a steam pipe in the Engineer's Office, where he resided while serving as the caretaker.
Examples of special-purpose supercomputers include Belle, Deep Blue, and Hydra, for playing chess, Gravity Pipe for astrophysics,  MDGRAPE-3 for protein structure computation
Plastic extruder (the host) can match with the pipe, film, holding materials, monofilament, flat, packing tape, crowded network, plate (sheet) material, profile, granulation, cable coating and other kinds of plastic molding auxiliary equipment, composed of a variety of plastic extrusion production lines, to produce various plastic products.
Those in rural areas are usually too isolated for on-grid government-funded water pipe infrastructure to be built; and so the responsibility of getting clean water becomes that of the women and their children in the villages who have to walk long distances to water sources that are not necessarily the purest.
GDSP produced electric resistance welded steel pipe and had a capacity of 300,000 tonnes per year (2008 figure).
This suits the pipe band’s light and snappy style of playing well, but is not as suitable for American style drum corps playing or jazz drumming on a full kit.
As a legal scholar, Andrew Horn's literary achievements consisted largely of compiling, editing, transcribing, and annotating statutes, pipe rolls, chronicles, and other official documents.
Initially a pipe organ filled the apse in the chancel.
In May he secured wins over top ten players Dave Chisnall and Simon Whitlock at the ninth Players Championship to reach the quarter-finals of a PDC event for the second time in his career, where he lost 6–3 to Justin Pipe.
The eleven steps are  across and have simple iron pipe handrails.
A large concert pipe organ made by Karl Schuke GmbH.
He also consulted on pipe organ renovations.
Inside, some things have been changed, but the original pneumatic pipe organ built by W.W. Kimball and Company of Chicago still sits at the front of the sanctuary.
Construction on the new suction/discharge pipe began on 16 May 2011.
In the choir loft, below a rose window by Gabriel Loire, is a pipe organ built in 1890 by W. K. Adams.
The firm produced the Erinmore and Yachtsman Navy Cut brands, though the cigarettes were not the superior quality that the pipe tobacco proved to be.
Throughout its trading life, Murray Sons and Company Ltd manufactured various brands of tobacco products including pipe tobacco:
They attributed it to a burst drainage pipe and estimated it could cost $1 million to repair.
22 October 2020: gas pipe explosion in Samut Prakan, Killing 3 and many injuries.
As opposed to several other units of measure such as the pipe, cark and frail, the definition of the tierce remained stable with similar entries found in dictionaries from 1658 through 1780.
 William Hite, Plumbers and Pipe Fitters 	 
The 2001 AK Pipe International Cup was a friendly football tournament that took place in Mashhad, Iran.
In 2010, RTI provided steel pipe to assist with cleanup efforts for the Gulf Oil spill.
When a hydrocarbon well is hydraulically fractured, this is done through a production packer (seal), through the drill pipe or tubing.
American Leader was one of five vessels constructed by the Western Pipe and Steel Company from the  US Maritime Commission's Type C1-B design.
It is the first cactus to bloom in Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, flowering in early March.
Roxtec is a company specialising in the development and manufacture of cable and pipe seals (sometimes known as multi cable transits).
Roxtec's range of airtight cable and pipe seals are designed for use in the laboratory sector.
The seals are specially designed to reduce the number of cable and pipe entries and maintain airtight integrity.
In Crowded Streets, teams had to travel to Dong Xuan Market, where they received a list of six objects: 2 reed mats, 2 masks, 1 pipe & 1 feather duster.
The tubular swingarm also served as the exhaust pipe.
During this period, Canadian regiments often had pipe bands who played during battle alongside their units.
By the time the Second World War ended, there was no full-time pipe band in the Canadian Army.
It later became the Canadian Guards Pipe Band.
By 1965, there were 30 pipe bands divided into the following military commands and areas: 2 (Eastern Command), 1 (Quebec Command), 4 (Eastern Ontario Area), 8 (Central Ontario Area), 4 (Western Ontario Area), 2 (Manitoba Area), 3 (Saskatchewan Area), 3 (Alberta Area), 3 (British Columbia Area).
Military bands are typically structured as brass and reed bands, or pipe and drum bands.
His novel Winterkill was the first to win the Golden Spur award for Best Novel and Medicine Pipe Bearer's for Best First Novel from the Western Writers of America He has been the recipient of several national fellowships and holds a Doctorate of Humane Letters from Whitman College.
designs and builds structures like helipads, camps, warehouses, landing stages, schools, gas pipe gutters, wellhead's cellars, etc.
John Seton (musician) Scottish pipe band drum major
The C2's pipe organ emulation, unlike the electric organs, is generated using samples instead of physical modeling.
The layout is center-aisle, with a balcony with pipe organ above the entry facing the altar in the apse.
However, the American chief designer, Frank Stephenson, realised that the model did not have an exhaust pipe.
He then attended Mt Albert Grammar School and following this, undertook a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Auckland, studying geology, chemistry and botany while working part-time as an industrial chemist in the amalgamated brick, pipe and pottery division of Crown Lynn a ceramics manufacturer.
Molten glass is withdrawn from a furnace on the end of an iron pipe, which is blown into as a metal tool called a kammasha is used to shape the glass.
 Picco pipe, a minute woodwind
John and George made several broadcasts subsequently on the BBC's Barn Dance programme, playing pipe and fiddle duets.
Further improvement of the equipment for hydro-slotting perforation must follow the scientific and technical progress in this technology, not on the way of mindless increase of the holes in the hydro jets pipe.
In 1977 the Wietersdorfer Group acquired the license for the pipe production in Austria and became owner of HOBAS to 50% in 1987.
The pipe wall is built up from the outside inwards in a rotating mold.
 Cured-in-place pipe
They smelted the iron ore in a small blast furnace—capable of smelting 5 cwt of iron, and which they had made themselves with Rowley's assistance—tapped the molten iron into a ladle and then poured it into a pipe mould.
[...] If you've ever been sent to your room, or told to pipe down and go to sleep, or heard one of the parental phrases which means 'no!
The company's products range from concast square steel billets, hot rolled round & square steel bars, rebars, hot rolled seamless pipe, high carbon wire rod, tyre steel cord, bead wire, hose wire, general purpose wire, to steel fiber.
The assassination plan comes to ears of Bernal who insists they escape from prison, Victor argues see an exhaust pipe in the levels and whose tube going to the laundry, which was in charge of an old prison man called Moses (Pedro Mogollon) who had granted Carlos Alberto a cellular call to Adriana.
Bernal was the first advance in the escape discovers in the second tunnel from prison personal effects of Lucas, among them a necklace which he shared with Esteban, while exhaust pipe gave a few former prison water tanks covered with bars.
These included a symphony orchestra, a pipe and drum corps, a gospel choir and a women's glee club.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1847 by Wadsworth.
As this control acted directly at the cylinder port, rather than through a long pipe from a throttle valve, it could be very fast-acting.
Like many LDS tabernacles, it houses a grand pipe organ.
The two-manual pipe organ is housed in the gallery.
The band consisted of guitarist and vocalist Mike Sparks, bassist and vocalist Luke Prebble, guitarist James Pipe and drummer Chris Velissarides.
 James Pipe – guitar (2005–2014)
The single-manual pipe organ was made in about 1890 by Wilkinson, and renovated in 1980.
It is estimated that 15% of China's wastewater treatment facilities are not being used to capacity due to a limited pipe network to collect and transport wastewater.
In the 1930s, a new sacristy and chapter room were added to the building, and the present pipe organ and chapter stalls were installed.
In fact, the company’s pipe network is considered the oldest in Asia, some dating back to the time when the Philippines was still under the Spanish rule.
In 2017, Maynilad plugged a total of 26,792 pipe leaks within its concessionaire area thus bringing the company’s total leak repairs to 316,757 since its re-privatization in 2007.
Pre-rotation creates centrifugal forces that push the dense slurry towards the wall of the pipe while leaving a core of air at the center.
 1975 — Voice of a pipe
The two-manual pipe organ was made in about 1875 by Henry Ainscough and was originally in Barnacre Lodge.
Harold Francis Stackard, son of Stephen and Mary Ann Lydia Pipe Stackard, was born on 2 March 1895 in Norwich.
Modern designs can be made from various types of molded plastic and PVC pipe as well as wood.
A Birmingham manufacturer on Parkes's suggestion produced in 1844 the first set of drain-cutting implements, and in 1843 John Reade, a self-taught mechanic, invented a cylindrical clay pipe as a cheap conduit for the water.
The first recorded spelling of the family name is that of Ralph Gauelere, dated 1206, in the pipe rolls of the county of Dorset, where he held estates in that shire.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1872 by Henry Willis, and restored in 1974 by N. P. Mander.
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Wadsworth and Company from Manchester.
The three-manual pipe organ was made in 1883 by the local organ builders Wilkinson and Sons.
Paul Walcker (May 31, 1846 – June 6, 1928 ) was a German pipe organ builder.
The original pipe organ was built in 1803 by Lincoln of London.
This part is above the shearer's head, and a leather pipe, about an inch in diameter, incloses a piece of sheep gut, which gives the knife 1600 revolutions a minute.
Another said that the steel pipe said to be the murder weapon in court was different from that found with Udin's blood on it.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1898 by J. J. Binns of Leeds.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in about 1830, possibly by Renn and Boston.
While inductive flowmeters are widely used for flow measurement in fluids at room temperatures such as beverages, chemicals and waste water, they are not suited for flow measurement of media such as hot, aggressive or for local measurements where surrounding obstacles limit access to the channel or pipe.
If the liquid and the wall of the pipe are transparent and the liquid contains tracer particles, optical measurement techniques, are effective enough tool to perform noncontact measurements.
,  the ministry of petroleum  contributes more than 90% of the south Sudan total income through oil production and exportation to different countries through north Sudan pipe line from the oil fields in South Sudan to the Port Sudan in Red Sea.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in about 1920 by Hope-Jones, and refurbished in 1993 by M. Fletcher of Halifax.
The increasing severity of the weather forced the rig workers to hang the drill pipe in the hole on the lower rams.
The rig workers, however, did not have time to lay down the  lengths of drill pipe that remained in the derrick.
Thuse, each part of the column would only be carrying its own weight, the internal, invisible stainless steel pipe, with a new foundation, would bear the overall load.
The pipe organ in the choir loft was built by the Hutchings-Votey Organ Company in 1906.
Below the Cathedral Room is another cave that is only accessible through a drain pipe that was installed in the early 1960s after the natural passage  collapsed during a flood.
To Queen Victoria the War Dance they danced, "to a wild drum & pipe, was quite fearful, with all their contortions & shrieks, & they came so close."
During the Edo period the Andō family operated a pipe shop called "Murata-ya".
 Shree Muktajeevan Pipe Band and Dhol Ensemble
The attorney pointed out that the workmanship is "rustic", but said that the bomb was a galvanized pipe of 30 centimeters and a battery of 9 volts.
 Pipe Dream – 2010 TV series
 steel pipe manufacturing (Noksel) and 
As was common at that time, he had been a clay pipe smoker and also chewed tobacco.
In 1998 the Sean Reid society was founded to promote Uillean pipe scholarship.
Coming from a family where much emphasis was placed on the arts, Mikhail began studying classical piano and pipe organ by age seven and began performing at weekly church services by age ten.
The pipe is 680 miles (1,090 km) long and is expected to output 1.5 billion cubic feet per day (42×106 m3/d).
Movie showings were added and in the silent era a twelve-piece orchestra and a three manual Moller pipe organ (Op.
Zorio commented on this piece saying, “Rubber is a plant material, it becomes very hard with this cement that runs over it and it doesn’t touch the ground, in a terrifying balance, where the air chamber supports the overturned capital pipe.
If the cells were full, a prisoner might be buried alive, with a steel pipe in his mouth to allow him to breathe.
In the early 1990s, while "in the bowels of the London Library", the author, Tahir Shah, says he noticed an old book propping up a water pipe.
Over 500 illegal weapons, including silencers, pipe bombs, sawed-off shotguns and machine guns, along with ammunition, $50,000 in cash and drugs were also seized.
After the fire, the Olympic Pipe Line Company pleaded guilty to a felony and paid $112 million in fines.
He was appointed Clerk of the Pipe at the Exchequer from 1610 to 1616.
Excavations by William H. Holmes in 1881 unearthed burials, arrow-points, a marble pipe, Mississippian culture pottery, and numerous engraved shell gorgets and columnella pendants.
He seizes the Yakuza boss by his hair and slams his head into the punctured pipe, burning his face.
En route to the contest, John meets a B-29 general who smokes Douglas MacArthur's trademark corncob pipe and has Bataan written amidst his five stars.
Universal Pictures was incorporated by Carl Laemmle as the "Universal Film Manufacturing Company", bringing together a consortium of seven motion picture companies (Laemmle's Independent/IMP, Powers, Rex, Champion, Centaur, Nestor and New York); supposedly, Laemmle was inspired to the name when a wagon of the "Universal Pipe Fittings" company passed beneath his window.
Oil, nitrogen, and hydrogen cylinders were found in the fuselage, while the external pipe was fitted with a jet.
Now if the flow rate is reduced to  by closing a control valve on the delivery pipe, the static pressure upstream of the valve is increased.
Due to flow reversal, pressure in the pipe falls and the compressor regains its normal stable operation (let at point B) delivering the gas at higher flow rate ().
Tom goes to get his pipe and brings Mr. Bellamy the silver cup.
A tuned pipe is a part of the exhaust system of some two-stroke engines.
In music, an organ pipe.
His legacy includes design of several neo-Baroque pipe organs in the Southeast, including one in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
She opens a suspicious nailed box but instead of finding her silver spoon, she finds Mr. Dickey's clay pipe and Mrs. Dickey's calico.
He was running as high as third place before an oil pipe coupling failed and forced the car into retirement.
He was granted lands  in County Meath: in Dublin he  lived in considerable state in a mansion on Rochel Street (now Back Lane) near Dublin Castle, and he made a special contract with the Mayor of Dublin for a private water supply, which involved inserting a  narrow pipe into the cistern of  his neighbour and fellow judge Walter de Islip.
Regaining consciousness, Bryan finds himself zip tied to a pipe over his head in an empty basement.
The Midmer-Losh Organ Company is a defunct pipe organ building business located in Merrick, New York.
Next, Charlotte Fire Department Pipe Bag played "Amazing Grace", then  Darius Rucker performed the national anthem.
In his autobiography Reed expresses interest in moving The Royal Ballet from its current home at the Royal Opera House to the London Coliseum, though he calls this ambition "probably a pipe dream".
A collection of Ballads, Melodies and Small Pipe Tunes of Northumbria (206 pages) – edited by John Collingwood Bruce and John Stokoe – published 1882.
In AWWA he was primarily responsible for the creation of standards of practice which ultimately developed into the AWWA Standards Council which manages standards for chemicals, pipe, and treatment equipment used throughout the world.
There's old-timers' country, roadhouse blues, a Tom Waitsian piano ballad and yearning Celtic pipe."
A pipe leak or oil tanker spill - which the Yinka Dene Alliance has deemed "inevitable" - could devastate the water supply, imperiling the ecosystem and local communities' health.
In 1906 a two-manual pipe organ made by Norman and Beard was installed.
A decade later, the reed organ was replaced with a pipe organ.
Charles McManis (1913–2004), American pipe organ builder
Northumbrian Minstrelsy is a book of 18th and 19th century North East of England folk songs and pipe music, intended to be a lasting historical record.
It is divided into the two sections; the first song lyrics, the second pipe music where only a handful of pieces have lyrics.
Wes Newton repeated the feat a day later, during his second round loss against Justin Pipe.
(The exhaust pipe of the aircraft was subsequently lengthened, but this may have been to reduce noise).
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1932 by Rushworth and Dreaper of Liverpool, and rebuilt in 1988 by David Wells, also of Liverpool.
A new manse was built at Montague Street and 8th Avenue....Despite St. Andrews’ liveliness, substantial music and prosperity, a pipe organ was never built there, it remaining confined to a two-manual electric organ until the closure of its building.
From 1616 to 1659, he was the Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer, from 1616 to 1632 jointly with Anthony Rous until Rous's death.
Holdsworth also holds the record of smoking a pipe at the summit of Mt.
She attaches a hose to the exhaust pipe and feeds it through the vent, knocking the two unconscious with the fumes.
There is a pipe organ located in the sanctuary balcony and a church choir that sings during services.
Grace Potter – vocals (all tracks), guitar (1, 11, 13), tambourine (1, 3, 4, 8, 11), keyboards (2-8, 13), Wurlitzer (6), Mellotron (2), synth bass (7), Hammond organ (1, 3, 9, 10, 14, 15), pipe organ (1), percussion (7), clock (5), drums (13)
Baldy Pipe segment, Bluetorch TV
"We cannot see how the definitions could be more specific," he observed, "and the remote possibility that they could apply to an antique salt spoon or a woman's pipe does not require a finding of vagueness."
However, this organ included some very interesting innovations such as brass pipe lips and thin-walled lead principals which enhance the beauty and majesty of its sound.
In 1985 PHE undertaken pipe line for better water supply of the village was augmented for which the source of water was obtained from Samthang Zopui.
It was particularly famous for a pipe ramming machine, patented in 1907.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1886 by Isaac Abbott of Leeds, and restored in 2009 by John Clough.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in about 1870 by Bevington and Sons.
Two-metre tall sculpture of a kolkhoz farmer man, which was used in the design of the Gagajukh-chab pipe (a line of Samur-Davachi canal) along with a monumental statue of a kolkhoz farmer woman by Yelizaveta Tripolskaya and bas-reliefs of Pinhas Sabsai, was one of Garyaghdi's first monumental works.
 Eric Idle accompanied by soprano Susan Bullock (as Britannia), Hackney Colliery Band, London Welsh Rugby Club, Reading Scottish Pipe Band and Blackheath Morris Men – "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life"
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1661 by Robert Preston for Carlisle Cathedral.
For 2016 model year, NC750S and NC750X went through a facelift  which introduced LED headlight and taillight, new EU4 compliant exhaust pipe, new dashboard, and various other changes.
Rainwater is almost always collected strictly from the roof, then heavily filtered using either a filter attached to the down pipe, a fine basket filter or for more expensive systems like self-cleaning filters placed in an underground tank.
The Band of the Air Force Reserve Pipe Band, a highland unit of the United States Air Force Reserve, was activated in 1970 and operated as a subordinate unit of the Band of the Air Force Reserve.
NAWAH Supply & Distribution (NSD) is the exclusive distributor in Iraq for MRC Global, the largest global distributor of pipe, valve, flange, fitting and other oil-related product and equipment needs of the world's leading oil companies operating in Iraq.
The equation uses an empirically derived constant for the “roughness” of the pipe walls which became known as the Hazen-Williams coefficient.
At FMC Technologies, teams had to build a model of a subsea pipe coupling for oil and gas.
In 1954, the Register of Trade Marks ruled that a geographical name such as "Yorkshire" was not sufficiently distinctive to be registered as a brand name, but this did not stop it becoming a generic term for this type of pipe fitting.
The Hermetic Organ is an album by John Zorn, consisting of a single live improvisation on the Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul's Chapel at Columbia University, which was released on Tzadik Records in June 2012.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1852–53 by Wilkinson, and rebuilt by the same business in 1903.
James Lee, armed with two starting pistols, a pipe bomb, four propane tanks and an oxygen tank, took three people hostage during the Discovery Communications headquarters hostage crisis, but Lee was shot dead by police.
At about the same time, the community of Moccasin was established at Moccasin Spring, about four miles north of Pipe Spring.
The route along the Vermilion Cliffs through the Arizona Strip, passing by Pipe Spring and Moccasin Spring, had long been used by Native Americans.
Unfortunately his collection suffered heavy losses as the result of a fire and a water pipe leak.
May 25, 1972: an hour after a LAN Chile took off from Panama City, a pipe bomb detonated in the ice water fountain service compartment, causing a rapid decompression.
It was replaced in 1977 by the present organ, which was designed by Canon Royce Young and built by the M. P. Moller Pipe Organ Company of Hagerstown, Maryland.
Alteration and mineralization occur primarily within carbonate clasts hosted in a volcanic breccia pipe and in carbonate rocks that lie adjacent to that breccia.
There are ornate wrought iron lamp brackets on the north and south walls of the nave and a pipe organ on the south side of the chancel.
Communication between tasks and the kernel is accomplished through an API of system calls and a message pipe interface.
In 2017, Irrigation Tasmania installed a floating safety barrier to prevent fishing boats accessing the hydro intake pipe in this very popular fishing lake.
In January 2016, the RETC was evacuated to Powell Middle School due to a burst water pipe.
The system comprises unthreaded cast iron or aluminium structural tubing and slip-on structural pipe fittings.
An 1898 dictionary described the instrument as "The simplest form of a reed pipe, a straw with a strip cut to form the reed, at the end closed by the knot".
As a point of reference, the artist had purchased several used books on geometry, with some devoted to pipe fitting.
1989 Pipe Dream, artist (LucasArts)
In the present, Walt disposes of the pipe bomb materials and the lily of the valley plant involved in his successful plot against Gus Fring.
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Conacher and Company of Huddersfield, and rebuilt and expanded in 1984 by Sixsmith.
The carnival includes a Ferris wheel made out of a bike tire and pedals, a "slide" made out of a pipe, and a record player "merry-go-round".
Positions of electrical / pipe connections were also determined & matched after coordinations done with the people responsible for airframe construction in Klotzsche.
Mehlsäcke, a pipe band founded in 1990
Still in place within the auditorium is the theater's original Barton pipe organ.
If the balancing pipe between the side and bunker tanks became fractured, the tanks would lose water rapidly, and the fire would have to be dropped to prevent a boiler explosion.
There was a large crack in the welding of the mains pipe that caused the gas leakage.
When confronting Gordon at the ruins of Haven, Dorrance fights Gordon until he is impaled onto a pipe.
Details of the Kenneth Tickell organ from the National Pipe Register
In United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Memphis Light, Gas, and Water Division (1958), the Supreme Court held that the gas company could revise the referenced gas rate in the contract by filing a new rate schedule with the FPC.
The church has a three manual pipe organ, originally built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1887 and later rebuilt by the Thaxted firm Arnold, Williamson & Hyatt in 1966.
The two-manual pipe organ is located at the east end of the south aisle, and was built by Wilkinson of Kendal in 1870.
The two-manual pipe organ is located on the north side of the chancel, and was built by Wilkinson of Kendal in about 1910.
When the theatre opened in 1921, a Bennett Pipe Organ was used and then replaced in 1924 with a $30,000 Wurlitzer organ.
The American Made Mighty Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ, which was installed in 1931, was still present, and the rest of the theatre was checked as unaltered.
Each pod is supported by four pipe columns, rising  above the lake.
Upgraded low-pressure mains are typically replaced with high-pressure polyethylene gas mains by inserting the new ductile polyethylene pipe into the existing cast iron main.
1975 :  La Pipe au bois directed by Maxime Debest ... Margot
Peter Michael Hamel – piano, pipe organ, PPG Wave, synthesizer
Peter Michael Hamel – piano, keyboards, pipe organ, conch, tingsha
In 1936, 1380 yards of cast-iron and stoneware pipe sewers were built in Kentrigg.
 "Wind Pipe Machine" (Org)
When the Niemeyer tobacco museum in Groningen shut down in 2011, the Amsterdam Pipe Museum acquired some four hundred items from its collection before the rest was auctioned off, stating that its acquisition preserved the "core" of the former museum's collection.
Duco D.H.: Century of Change: The European Clay Pipe, Its Final Flourish and Ultimate Fall.
United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Ideal Cement Co., 369 U.S. 134 (1962), is a United States Supreme Court case which vacated a lower appellate court decision, holding that federal courts should abstain from ruling on the constitutionality of a state tax issue that state courts should determine.
Husband and wife both worked at their easels smoking a pipe.
When Gene and his men ride to salvage the pipe, Benson and his gang are waiting for a showdown.
was used for either quotation mark;  was a pipe.
In Swedish Braille, there is also  for the pipe, |, and  for the bullet, •.
It forms part of the Pipe and Lyde civil parish.
The main pipe from the creek bed runs first south and then turns at a right angle to the west.
In 1984 the pipe organ was installed in the apse.
The church contains a two manual 23-stop tracker action pipe organ by Peter Collins dating from 1998.
However, in 1959 Adam Eidemiller, Inc. opened the Keystone Concrete Pipe Company, using a number of the old mine buildings for this operation.
He also plays the wippkordeon, a bandoneon (concertina), a bandurria (a small guitar-like instrument similar a mandolin), an organ pipe and a hang (percussion instrument), among others.
The City of Tampa Water Department secured a service agreement with Echologics in April 2012 to conduct widespread transmission main leak detection on approximately 7.5 miles of cast iron pipe in the city's water system.
Granted by Edward III a monopoly of the sale of sweet wines in London in 1373 he was impeached for taking  on each pipe a levy of 3s.4d.
Pappenheimer rebuilt almost immediately, including a famous music room which contained a pipe organ as well as two grand pianos.
In 1899, 12 companies incorporated as United States Cast Iron Pipe and Foundry Company, which would later be known as U.S.
Pipe in 1969, and in 2005, it acquired Mueller Co. and Anvil International.
It oversees several brands and subsidiaries that specialize in valves, fittings, utility meters, water infrastructure, leak detection, and pipe condition assessment.
The chancel was added in 1913–14 by the Lancaster architects Austin, Paley and Austin., The Pipe Organ is by Rushworth & Dreaper of Liverpool and installed in 1950, In 1963 Leach, Rhodes and Walker rebuilt the nave, added the tower and built parish rooms.
In the former he lost to Justin Pipe 2–6 in the last 16, and in the latter he defeated the likes of James Wade, Andy Hamilton and Terry Jenkins, before losing in the semi-finals 1–6 to Dave Chisnall.
He often wears scarves, long trench coats, and smokes a pipe.
In 2011 the pipe organ was replaced with an electronic imitation produced by Johannus of Holland.
Olympic Organ Builders was an importer and custom fabricator of tracker action pipe organs in Seattle, Washington from 1962 through the 1970s.
Dahl studied pipe organ at University of Washington and is now professor of organ at Pacific Lutheran University.
See also Seattle Pipe Organs
Bendo', arm upraised if holding an exhaust pipe in one hand
Indian Hume Pipe Co Limited - founded in 1926.
In Pipe, teams had to use a traditional bush method to make fire.
The DM3 weighs media (slurry) as it travels through a metered section of pipe using a patented, high resolution load cell.
 Kozminsky's (extra floor), 421 Bourke Street, Melbourne, 1913, (with Reinforced Concrete and Monier Pipe Construction Co).
The original pipe organ of 1880, designed by Jardine of Manchester was destroyed in the fire.
Water for his avocados was brought in by pipe from a spring at Boney Mountain.
This mud type can be used as a completion and workover fluid, a spotting fluid to relieve a stuck pipe and as packer or casing fluid.
In this falling-block puzzle game, a small girl—wearing a Russian national costume of sarafan, kokoshnik, and valenki—pushes tiles representing segments of water pipe down a two-dimensional, vertical shaft; this shaft is the field of play.
If the accumulating pipe segments stack to the top of the shaft, the game ends.
But behind the back it is straight Butlins: long rows of corrugated plastic walls with the occasional service pipe running up the walls and across gaps between rows of houses."
It is very important that this is done slowly, to avoid getting water down the animal's wind pipe.
Simultaneously, following the expansionist and knowledge seeking nature of the Portuguese Renaissance, the Portuguese language imported many words from foreign idioms, such as cachimbo, meaning pipe, from the Kimbundu kixima, and algodão, meaning cotton, from the Arabic al-qutun.
In November 2012, Kasselstrand and Hahne attracted attention after going against the mother party again, this time by criticizing the situation surrounding Erik Almqvist in the acclaimed "Iron Pipe Scandal", which led to him losing his job as political secretary at the Sweden Democrats' parliamentary office on 21 November.
In the mid-1950s it became one of the guarantors of Trans-Canada Pipe Line.
Furthermore, Zaolzie had the enormous Třinec Iron and Steel Works, Albert Hahn Steel Plant at Bogumin, Wire Mill at Pudłów, Jeckel Pipe and Screw Plant at Frysztat: "Altogether, these plants manufacture 50% of Poland's output.
Each group was placed in a 1-m2 poyvinylchloride (PVC) pipe frame that was placed over a section of S. minima in a waterway in Gramercy.
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Richardson and Sons, and was also moved from the old church.
Pipe Dream for solo flute - Capstone Records CPS-8721 - TWILIGHT REMEMBERED: The McCormick Duo, Kim McCormick, flute.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in about 1930 by Harrison and Harrison of Durham.
He was not considered a success as a sire, but his offspring did include several good winners including Pipe of Peace (Middle Park Stakes, third in the Derby), Cadmus (Prix d'Harcourt), Test Case (Gimcrack Stakes) and Court Prince (Jockey Club Stakes).
Following up on a tip provided by Bergman, Sandler and another student, Robin Stein, developed a story about deaths, injuries and environmental violations at a nationwide water and sewer pipe foundry.
With the elimination of the high maintenance costs for pipe organs, which are prone to temperature and humidity fluctuations, smaller parishes were able to purchase and maintain an organ.
The oscillation of the air column and the sound emittance of the Kienle Resonator System occur in the same manner as in a traditional organ pipe.
Besides visual, aesthetic and financial reasons, the influence of the respective material on the sound production is taken into consideration as, though only to a small extent, the sound production is also determined by oscillations of the pipe tube walls.
The pipe organ was supplied by Messrs. B.B.
When threatened with exposure, he used pipe bombs to kill two people in his attempt to keep the forgery a secret and is currently serving life in prison.
"Lyric" was sometimes sung to the accompaniment of either a string instrument (particularly the lyre or kithara) or a wind instrument (most often the reed pipe called aulos).
In 1785, Trinity brought a pipe organ from the London builder Henry Holland, another item not then found in Puritan churches.
He had been involved Neighborhood House charity in Washington, purchasing the former Tyler Tube and Pipe Company for the charity's permanent location; upon his death, the charity was renamed Brownson House in his honor.
A large pipe  bomb which they detonated in a school swimming pool was heard by several neighbors, and resulted in Lynch and his friend being arrested.
The larger room (the Ten Eyck room) has stained glass windows and an 1896 2-manual, 18-rank tracker pipe organ by J. W. Steere & Sons of Springfield MA.
A pipe near the bottom of the blowoff tank maintains a water level below the blowdown entry point and allows cooler water remaining from earlier blowdown events to drain from the tank first.
When he was old enough Ahtahkakoop would have taken part in these ceremonies, such as being able to smudge and purify himself, pipe ceremonies, and sweat lodges.
The tobacco being grown was for pipe use, brought up from Virginia since the tobacco variety found in the Connecticut Valley was not as delectable as the Virginian style.
Contemporary keyboard trends reflected on the album include the use of the electric piano and at one point a sound resembling a pipe organ.
A  high concrete intake tower  in diameter with five gate openings feeds a  long steel pipe  in diameter that passes under the dam embankment and then splits to a pump station and a river outlet.
The pipe organ in the church was built in 1988 by Grönlunds Orgelbyggeri.
The pipe would be buried.
The pipe was made of alternating sections of glass-reinforced plastic (fiberglass) and steel.
At the outbreak of World War II he joined the Highland Light Infantry, and became the youngest pipe major in the British Army at the age of 20 after passing the course at Edinburgh Castle under the tuition of Willie Ross.
He has been credited with expanding the repertoire played by pipe bands, due to the need for the Edinburgh police band to provide entertainment for an hour or more at a time, although he also expressed disapproval of bands playing music that is not traditionally Scottish, in particular Breton music.
As liquids are near-incompressible, even this tiny change in volume has the effect of dropping the pressure in the pipe.
The lower riser package consists of a connector to the subsea oil well, a series of safety valves and a connection point at the top for connection to the riser pipe.
A workover system is basically a series of valves and high strength pipe connecting a floating drilling rig to the subsea Christmas tree.
In 1896, the Hunter Pipe Organ (constructed in 1895 by Messrs A.
In 1885 work commenced on a pumping station and water collecting tunnels to obtain water from the Macquarrie River and to pump the water at pressure through a mains pipe system into the town.
After delays in obtaining Government approval for funding, new surveys required of the pipe system, labour disputes, and delays in finding a tenderer to build the treatment works, eventually the system was finished and commissioned in September 1916.
Under normal operating conditions, the MODU/WIV (which is floating on the sea surface) is connected to the oil/gas well (which is drilled in the sea bed) by a vertical (or near-vertical) piece of steel pipe, called a marine riser.
There, Karnabatt is described as a "tall, well-fed, idle man", whose only interests were reading and chewing on his smoking pipe.
Hyde had also been Clerk of the Pipe from the 1520s until his death in 1545.
The station was named after Tianjin Pipe Corporation.
With the new cash, the company started a series of acquisitions, which included Italy's Deriplast and Walking Pipe Italiana, Germany's Buchler Werkzeugbau AG and the United Kingdom's Caradon Terrain Ltd.
The single-manual pipe organ was built in 1883 by Forster and Andrews.
Gliwice lost a pipe factory, Bobrek and Łabędy lost their iron furnaces.
The original pipe organ was installed in the west gallery in 1796 by Samuel Green (London).
He was given the post of Clerk of the Pipe from 1592 to 1594.
More than one sewerage pipe would often burst at the same time and thus waste water would sometimes log in the streets for several days.
The single-manual pipe organ was built for a Methodist chapel in Consett, County Durham, by Harrison and Harrison, and was moved here and installed in 1992.
The BRL director is Professor Chris Melhuish, serving with deputies Tony Pipe and Arthur Richards.
The three manual pipe organ was built in 1909 by Norman and Beard, and completely restored in 2011 by Mander.
During subsequent inquiries on the incident, metallurgists André Hone and William Williams concluded that a cracked pipe, most likely damaged during transportation or installation, was the cause of the explosion.
Another fact to note is that cement strength ranges between 1000 and 1800 psi, and for reservoir pressures > 1000 psi; this means that the pipe cement bond will fail first.
The Games, which consist of contest in super pipe, monster air, moguls, and dual slalom, draw from the amateur and professional ranks.
The two-manual pipe organ is located in a chamber to the north of the chancel.
The gene that provides resistance to the herbicide glyphosate was found after seven years of searching in bacteria living in the outflow pipe of a Monsanto RoundUp manufacturing facility.
Votey took off six months for the interest of his company in 1890 and went to Europe to study the construction of pipe and reed organs.
It was reported in early August by Russian newspaper Kommersant that the failure was caused by a fault in the fuel pipe in the Briz-M.
In April 1999 the dissident Loyalist paramilitary group the Orange Volunteers exploded a pipe bomb outside the Ramble Inn pub, damaging several cars.
He was president and general manager of the Los Angeles Lumber Company and was a director of the California Sewer Pipe Company.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1858 by G. M. Holdich, restored in 1896 by Nicholson and Company, and overhauled in 1961 by Hawkins and Company.
He soon hears a strange noise coming from a large pipe, and sticks his head inside to see what it is, becoming decapitated by an unseen force.
 David Pipe – Minella Four Star (2011), Master Overseer (2012), Big Occasion (2013), Goulanes (2014)
Ashok Malhotra and Kang (1984) showed through calculations in a circular pipe that the Turbulent Prandtl Number is not close to unity but rather a strong function of the molecular Prandtl number amongst other parameters .
Guests have included Dashboard Confessional, All American Rejects, The Lumineers, Manitowoc Minute, Joe List, Fruit Bats (band), We Are Scientists, Toad the Wet Sprocket, Verve Pipe, Cloud Nothings, Stephen Kellogg, Frank Turner, Barenaked Ladies' co-founder Steven Page, Heartless Bastards, Noah Guthrie, The Thermals, and The Von Bondies.
Locate and close a valve near a leaking pipe.
For example, a 40 Nominal Bore U-bolt would be asked for by pipe work engineers, and only they would know what that meant.
It was fed by a lead pipe which brought water all the way from Peblinge Lake on the other side of the harbour.
Oscar tells Angela that she can hate him, but says that her husband was always gay, and refuses to hand the lead pipe over to Angela.
Con Cast Pipe was created in 1989.
The tank, located at the top of the tower, holds 165,000 gallons of water that flows through a 10-inch pipe located in the center of the tower.
It is almost identical to the 2006 Saga LMST, with the only visible differences being the reduced exhaust pipe diameter and slightly altered rear lamps.
The bell and spigot joint remained the predominant pipe joint until the advent of the push-on joint, for example the TYTON® Joint, in 1956."
By contrast, events with the positrons travelling undetected down the beam pipe, are accepted.
An external steam pipe was mounted just in front of the dome, looking rather similar in appearance to a top feed.
A long line connected the head and the shaft, so that the shaft remained on the water's surface as a float.Nawak' - A pipe through which an arrow was shot, the nawak was used for shooting birds.
the stove pipe hats and long black frock coats of the True Blue Americans).
Once they had a flame, they had to use it to light the elder Bushman's pipe to receive their next clue.
Pipe recovery is a specific wireline operation used in the oil and gas industry, when the drill string becomes stuck downhole.
This allows fishing tools to subsequently be run down hole to latch onto and remove the stuck pipe.
If the rig is able to move the drill string freely downhole, but every time the drill string is pulled upward it becomes stuck at the same point, then it is likely that the pipe is caught in a key seat.
The collapse of the formation can pin the pipe inside the wellbore preventing its movement.
slips or pipe wrenches, being dropped down the hole lodging against the BHA.
Identify the recommended overpull by multiplying 2208.5 by pipe weight/ft.
), Wdp = weight of drill pipe (lbs/ft), and F = the additional pull required (lbs.)
 The traditional freepoint tool is an electromechanical tool designed to measure the amount of torque or stretch of a given length of tubing, drill pipe, or casing.
After obtaining an estimate of the free point by using the pipe stretch estimate technique, the traditional freepoint tool is run in the hole to 1000 feet above the estimated stuck point.
If the tool indicates that the pipe is stuck at that point the tool is pulled uphole and readings are taken again.
Stuck pipe will have no change in magnetization.
Once it is at the bottom of the string, torque or stretch is applied to the pipe.
The back-off procedure applies left-hand torque to the stuck pipe string.
Several factors such as pipe size, weight and condition, back-off depth, mud or borehole fluid weight and well temperature are carefully considered when making up the proper string-shot assembly.
When performing a manual back off you take the desired back off depth(ft.) and multiply it by the weight of one foot of pipe.
The driller will pickup the string to the back off neutral weight, and then left hand torque is applied until the pipe unscrews.
The resulting cut is a very smooth cut that does not require any dressing before further pipe recovery operations can take place.
They typically leave a flare on the severed pipe string.
The explosive shock waves meet in the center of the tool and combine to produce a very high energy wave capable of cutting through the thickest of pipe.
When he retired from professional table tennis he took up a post with the Martin Pipe racing stables as an assistant to the racehorse trainer.
Pipe described him as "the heart and soul of our team".
 "Colorful", a song by The Verve Pipe from Underneath, 2001
Riet Schumack, a Brightmoor resident quoted in MacDonald's article, said that visitors often see coyotes, deer, foxes, blue herons, and great horned owls; and that Indian pipe and trillium grow in the park.
It was known in the area as the Tahoe City Pipe.
Rick Grimes subdues Merle and handcuffs him to a pipe, leaving him under the watch of T-Dog while the rest of the group look for a way out.
A modern 24 rank pipe organ was installed by the Wicks Organ Company in 1962.
After momentarily announcing himself leader of the group, Merle is blind-sided by Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln), who punches him and handcuffs him to a pipe before Merle can fight back.
The next night, the trench was filled in, and the pipe laid in a trench 5 miles further south.
 Captain McCallister — With harpoon, can of tuna and pipe.
The administrative area and supply of drinking water in Al-Riyadh; 248412 public water pipe, 122576 water purifier, 98778 water trucks, 1630 Wells, 358274 bottled water.
The proposed pipe diameter is 32" (813mm).
No further permits are required, although NJDEP officials, citing computer models, determined that a theoretical 100-year flood required the replacement of a  section of underground pipe that fed water from a wetlands area into Andover Junction Brook about  upstream from Andover Station.
The church contains a three-manual pipe organ by James Jepson Binns dating from 1900.
The water used to run through a concealed conduit pipe provided below the lime plastered surface, meant for the flow of water from the cascade.
Julie tries to drown Erin, but is killed when Erin bludgeons her with a discarded pipe.
He was the state representative in the Sofia Stock Exchange, member of the committee regulating insurance, as well as part of the boards of various institutions, like the State Public Depot, the Liquidating Fund, the State Lottery, and the Committee for the Construction of the Rila Water Pipe.
However, since the diwas is a group of saggeypo strung together, the lengths of the pipe are more fixed.
Spin described the track as "cynical but sentimental", comparing the opening pipe organ to Arcade Fire.
The band was founded in 1902 as the Torphichen Pipe Band.
After Gordon Stafford left the band in 2009, Stuart Shedden took over as pipe major for the 2010 season.
Manufacturers could now cut away the production vehicle's mainframe and replace the front and rear structures with pipe frame structures, which had also allowed for further suspension development.
The Senior Band is led by Pipe Majors Calum Brown and Ciaren Ross and Drum Sergeant Ryan Green.
Former members of the band include BBC Radio Scotland Young Traditional Musician finalist Pipe Major Ross Miller.
In MacNeill's battalion, the custom is for the full battalion pipe band to blow reveille for the unit every Friday, carefully sneaking into position and opening with "Johnnie Cope" at full bore while standing outside the subalterns' quarters.
The festival was created in 2003 and occurs on the run-up to the World Pipe Band Championships.
In 1934, two new kilns were built by Ernie Banks at the site, followed by additions to the pipe and tile factories.
In 1963, a major development of the pipe factory occurred, which was opened by Premier Charles Court on 12 December.
's(blow-out preventer), tongs, a rod table, and extra pipe.
Derrickhands are more experienced workers who assemble the pump truck, monitor circulations and handle pipe and rods on the elevated tubing board.
In 1981 Alfred Kern & fils undertook a repair of the historical suspended pipe organ on the north side of the central nave in Strasbourg Cathedral.
A doorway at the bottom leads inside, where a wooden staircase climbs around an inner cylinder of brick, which sheaths the pipe rising from the well and provides additional support for the tank above.
A pipe organ was obtained from Germany c1895.
 16 December – The army defused a pipe bomb found in the garden of a house in West Belfast.
Kee Klamp, a structural pipe fitting commonly used in the construction of handrails and barriers
The copper heat pipe transfers thermal energy from within the solar tube into a copper header.
When he reaches the end of the sewer pipe, he returns for more revenge.
A team from the NASA Glenn Research Center in partnership with the LANL reactor design team designed, built, and tested a heat pipe and power conversion system to couple to Flattop with the end goal of demonstrating electrical power production using technology applicable to space application.
Temporary gentlemen were also advised not to smoke a pipe in public, drink too much or become either a "book worm or a bar loafer".
In 1894, he patented the method of rolling a helical corrugation into a smooth rigid pipe.
He also included a pipe organ.
The new school was large and commodious, consisting of a basement and two stories; the first floor containing two classrooms, a corridor, and, next to it, a chapel, provided with an arched sanctuary and furnished with an altar, pipe organ, stations, etc.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1866 by J. W. Walker.
A spill vase was usually kept on the mantelpiece and was filled with spills used to transfer fire from the fireplace to candles, lamps, a pipe or a cigar.
It was supported on pipe support and bridge structures made, at least in part, from old bullhead rails from the disused railway.
McMahon took great interest in the church pipe organ and its construction.
These devices comprised a large oil tank with a multiple-outlet pump which fed the engine's bearings through a pipe system.
The reed was placed on the upper side of the instrument and vibrated against the upper lip; the pipe had six tone holes on top and one in the back.
The church started with a 3 manual pipe organ dating from 1877 by Forster and Andrews.
The church started with a 2 manual pipe organ dating from 1884 by William Hill.
The building has a large Binns pipe organ and the tower contains a single bell cast at Whitechapel Bell Foundry.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1888 by Wilkinson and Sons of Kendal, and was overhauled in 1988 by Corkhill of Keighley.
The organ of Poblet is a three manual, 56 stop pipe organ installed in the church of the Abbey of Santa Maria of Poblet (Catalonia, Spain).
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Nigel Church, and was previously in St Mary Magdalene's Church, Hucknall, Nottinghamshire, and was installed in the chapel in 1994 by David Wells of Liverpool.
From 2004 to 2008 he was acting musical co-director/accompanist/tutor for The National Youth Pipe Band of Scotland.
Meanwhile, a pipe works and brick kiln were constructed and a coal-fired electric generating plant promised the utmost in modern convenience for new residents.
Inside the glass tube is the copper heat pipe.
 The Pipe of Peace 
Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse, Union Bridge
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Nicholson and Son of Gloucester.
In his lifetime he would publish three books of traditional and modern pipe music and three solo albums.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1883 by Nicholson of Worcester, and restored by the same company in 1987.
Therefore, oil continued to flow through the drill pipe trapped between the ram block faces and subsequently through the gaps between the ram blocks.
cement barrier in the production casing string, a high‐strength steel pipe set in a well to ensure well integrity and to allow future production.
The underwater control panel had been disconnected from the pipe ram, and instead connected to a test ram.
BP found that on 20 April managers misread pressure data and gave their approval for rig workers to replace drilling fluid in the well with seawater, which was not heavy enough to prevent gas that had been leaking into the well from firing up the pipe to the rig, causing the explosion.
Another source says this occurred at Titusville, Warren County, Pennsylvania, and the drill pipe was 5½ inches in diameter.
On March 23, 1866 at Cincinnati, Ohio, an opera house and newspaper office were destroyed by an explosion thought to have been caused by a leaking gas pipe that ignited.
On December 7, 1869 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, while the Commercial Exchange Association building was being lit up in the evening, a large chandelier in the upper hallway fell, breaking the gas pipe that supplied it.
Unable to dig through the frozen soil to reach the pipe, the workers built a fire on the ground over the supposed location of the leak and went to dinner, leaving the fire to thaw the earth.
When gas company employees used pickaxes to uncover the leak to repair the pipe, it flamed up again.
The rupture was caused by a weak section of pipe.
Bjørn Ole Rasch - pipe organ
Say if you think the exclusive privilege can be had, also the pipe line privilege for transporting oil.
Several patients also had to be sent to other hospitals in Umtata, Cofimvaba and Queenstown when the water supply was interrupted again by another pipe burst.
American commercial diver Paul J. Havlena dies of pulmonary barotrauma resulting in a pneumothorax while in saturation and conducting a bell dive from the pipe laying and derrick barge L.B.
The chief concern of the project was to replace the original pipe organ that had been damaged during the 6.8 Nisqually earthquake that hit the Puget Sound region at 10:54 am PST (18:54 UTC) on Ash Wednesday, February 28, 2001.
In popular culture, she is often depicted smoking a pipe and wearing a scarf on her head.
The Conacher pipe organ was installed when the church was built in 1874.
The pipe organ was installed in 1913 by Norman and Beard.
The other day he was driving up through the Sinai and Major James' explanation of Moses finding water while leading the Israelites out of Egypt, came to mind", and that at Worth School'', near the village of Turners Hill (near Crawley) in West Sussex, he says he had studied the Crusades "through the barrage of Father Stephen's pipe smoke".
In 1869 a new pipe organ was installed by local builder Lloyd and Dudgeon.
The pipe organ by Charles Lloyd was transferred here in 1939 by E. Wragg & Son from Crocus Street Hall.
The pipe organ was obtained from George Parsons of London.
A specification of this organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
A Short Type 184 from the Royal Navy seaplane carrier Engadine achieved the only British aerial reconnaissance flight of the Battle of Jutland, reporting the sighting of three cruisers and ten destroyers of the German High Seas Fleet before a broken fuel pipe forced it to end the mission.
He led calls within MPRP Central Committee for the prime minister's dismissal after Genden had confronted Stalin in contentious meetings, refusing to persecute Mongolia's Buddhist Church, publicly calling him a Russian tsar, and even slapping the pipe from Stalin's mouth during a Mongolian Embassy reception.
Also on the property are two wood gable-roofed picnic tables shelters, a fieldstone trash pit, fieldstone fireplace hearth, and foundation and water pipe for a fountain.
The valves in the chimney and pipe were then slowly closed, starving the fire of oxygen until it was extinguished.
August 19, 1880 – United Kingdom – A Midland Railway passenger train stopped inside Blea Moor Tunnel, Yorkshire due to a faulty brake pipe.
 2006 – Pipe Fiends (Media Mudscout) 
Dragan Mlađenović – Chinese pipe, bağlama, domestikos
The pub sign showed a man in top-boots, with pipe and glass, falling under a table; after the Crimean War, this was changed at the request of the Army into a falling Hussar.
Karonghyontye is shown pointing to a peace pipe, while Johnson grasps a musket.
Gleizes had no intention of analyzing and describing neutral objects from daily life; a bowl of fruit, a pipe, violin or guitar.
and Buff created the BMX Action Trick Team, the first BMX freestyle team that toured in a van and put on shows for fans of the sport using a portable kickramp and quarter pipe.
The pipe snapped, causing the gym to be flooded.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in the 1890s by Henry Fincham, and overhauled in 1968 by Peter Hutchins.
The National Pipe Organ Register states that this organ came from the Bethnal Green Lutheran Church, but Maxim states that it was from the former church of St Matthias, Bethnal Green, and refers to the evidence of plaques on the organ.
A bell for the belfry was purchased in 1903, and a full basement, coal furnace, and pipe organ were added in 1911.
The comparatively narrow  deck of the bridge is unsurfaced concrete, edged by kerbs with pipe handrails with infill wire netting.
Derek Edward Pipe, Senior Principal, Board of Inland Revenue.
It is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage (such as pipe or tubing) and a rotating part (such as a drum, cylinder, or spindle) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part.
John Maclean Mackenzie, Pipe Major, Ministry of Defence.
The institute's rooms include rehearsal spaces, a recording studio and offices, plus a total of nine pipe organs of different constructions, a digital electronic organ and other related instruments.
A couple of lengths of pipe were blown up, before a patrol stopped the attack, and forced the aircraft to leave.
23 years old boy with serious road traffic accident and complete transection of his wind pipe (trachea) was refused to be entertained by all major hospitals in Delhi.
A 48 years old gentleman with a large tumor in his wind pipe, who was almost choking to death had successful removal of the tumour under ECMO support, first time in India.
The Lower Cambrian Eriboll Group comprises a basal quartzite, locally with a basal conglomerate, followed by the distinctive Pipe Rock Member, a quartz arenite with white weathering skolithos trace fossils.
Later the line was extended north to Paris, Idaho, and south to Pipe Springs, Arizona, with extensions into the Sanpete and Sevier Valleys, Tooele, Gunnison, Kanab, and several mining districts, such as Tintic and Frisco in Utah, along with Bullionville and Panaca in Nevada.
While he is in the bathroom, she sprays Vaughn's meth pipe with chemicals that Vaughn inhales, killing him.
The targets of these grants were to restore the pipe organ, stained-glass window protection, bringing the building up to current code, and improving neighboring lots.
Others – significantly more numerous – were published in various small books and collections after the author's death by his widow, Alice Regnault: in La Pipe de cidre, La Vache tachetée, Un homme sensible, Chez l'Illustre écrivain, Le Petit Gardeur de vache, and  Un gentilhomme .
Dedication was delayed until October, however, when the pipe organ crafted by Hook and Hastings of Boston was installed.
The church also contained a pipe organ, which was built by a royal organ builder from Copenhagen.
There were used in pairs, and each drove a low lift pump to transfer water to the treatment works, and a high lift pump to take treated water and pump it along a  cast iron pipe to Southend.
Later in 2014, he came in second behind American Taylor Gold in the Red Bull Double Pipe.
The band was formed as Aberdeen City Police Pipe Band in 1907, wearing the Hunting Gordon tartan.
It placed 16th overall in the 2012 World Pipe Band Championships.
Roger T. Pipe, who awarded the film an 8/12, stated Evil Head was "funny, well shot and sexy as fuck" while Don Houston of XCritic categorized it as "highly recommended" after deeming it "remarkably entertaining as a porno horror hybrid fuck flick".
His other Broadway musicals were South Pacific (1949); Me and Juliet (1953); On Your Toes (1954 revival); Ankles Aweigh (1955); Pipe Dream (1955), for which he was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Conductor and Musical Director; and Flower Drum Song, (1958), for which he won the Tony Award for Best Conductor and Musical Director.
FBI hostage negotiators arrived at the bunker and began communicating with Dykes through the ventilation pipe, as he instructed.
According to sources, two improvised explosive devices were discovered, one inside the PVC pipe, the other inside the bunker.
Over the course of 6 years this work was turned into Pipe Dreams.
The pipe organ was ordered from the Hinners Organ Company of Pekin, Illinois in January 1905 at a cost of $1,960 ().
The fixed points must be designed to withstand the pressure and spring forces of the axial expansion joint, the frictional forces of the pipe guides and the flow forces.
Lateral expansion joints that are movable in all planes simultaneously absorb expansion from two pipe sections in different directions.
An economic consideration should not merely take into account the cost of the expansion joints themselves, but should also include the required anchors, pipe supports and shaft structures.
As a special form of the axial expansion joint, the universal expansion joint has only a limited pressure resistance for stability reasons and, moreover, loads the adjacent pipe supports with the axial compressive force resulting from the internal pressure.
 One or two metal bellows with an intermediate pipe
Its final colour was yellowish brown and it was normally used for cigarettes or as pipe tobacco.
The work to miniaturize the mechanical bird and develop a compact movement using a one and only single pipe of variable pitch was all completed in the year 1784/1785  and this component made possible the reduction in size of the movement and as a consequence giving rise to the birth of the singing bird box.
The church has a large four-manual pipe organ which dates from 1880.
The church has a two-manual pipe organ built by Henry Jones which dates from 1878.
That hat, his Holmesian pipe, and his tall lean appearance must have startled more than one MIT student.
The second, a darker combination worn while he dances against a lighter background, was a black Resident Crew T-shirt, dark gray Pipe Chino pants, a Duncan denim shirt and black Trap boots.
A conflict with Captain Samuel William Pipe prompted Conrad to leave the ship.
Some of his bones were exhumed when a water pipe was laid across his grave years after his death.
When Anton leaps towards David, he crashes through the ground into a sinkhole just as the mushroom wears off, leaving him human-sized and clinging to a pipe.
The USCG suggested the sheen "could be residual oil associated with wreckage and/or debris left on the seabed" like the riser pipe, but said that no one yet knows its origin for sure.
Huachimingo escapes through a sewer pipe and informs the news crew of Cachirula's plans.
promise of the position when it next fell vacant) of the office of Clerk of the Pipe Rolls which his father had tried to obtain for him a decade earlier, and in 1607 was appointed to the clerkship itself.
Ave Maria (1989), classical piano and pipe organ
Thus the flow rate of the straight pipe is greater than that of the vertical one.
Perforated pipe with a mesh cover is laid at the bottom of the cut grooves.
In the main game, the player must place blocks on a grid with the goal of making a path for a Mini—a small walking robot resembling Mario or another Mario series character—to travel from a warp pipe to a star goal, while avoiding obstacles such as spike pits and Shy Guys along the way.
Lucas M. Thomas was less favorable towards what he wrote is "simply a Nintendo-fied version of the old-school puzzler Pipe Mania."
In the opening of the tent is the head of another [N]egro with a broad-brimmed hat; a corn-cob pipe is in his mouth.
The Brierwood Pipe is an oil painting of 1864 by Winslow Homer.
Hirano again took the silver in the half pipe at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang; with Shaun White of the U.S. taking the gold and Scotty James of Australia garnering the bronze.
The church has a pipe organ dating from 1904 by Andrews, which was restored by Henry Willis around 1965.
This unique styling is especially expressed in the different types and designs of armor that cover each robot, from sheet steel, to steel pipe roll cages, to carbon fibre, to leather.
A mixture of water and oxygen is forced upwards in the upstream pipe.
The gas escapes into the atmosphere, the oxygenated water flows back through the downstream pipe.
The date of his death is uncertain: he was living in 1189–90, since he is entered in the 1189-90 pipe roll as rendering certain accounts to the exchequer.
The Flexible supply pipe can be buried either underground or pinned on the surface.
A pressure regulator lowers the water pressure to under 30 pounds per square inch while a relatively large diameter hose or pipe delivers the water directly to a sprinkler head.
The village is northeast of Leinthall Starkes and south of Pipe Aston.
The resulting violence has led to 16 murders and scores of beatings, stabbings, shootings and pipe bomb attacks.
The scenes where Bean drinks the laundry detergent and climbs into the dryer are usually removed from reruns on Nickelodeon (UK and Ireland), along with the scene where the car engine explodes due to the golf ball stuck inside the vehicle exhaust pipe.
We can observe therefore alongside the religious figures, a soldier smoking his pipe, a pigeon from Fort Vaux, the lorries of the Voie Sacrée, artillery pieces, a padre, aviators, and other such symbols.
2005–07 David Pipe (now Organist of Leeds Cathedral)
The painting is probably set aboard this new command, the 60-gun , and shows Graham relaxing in the great cabin before a meal, smoking a pipe.
The music the men are listening or singing along to is provided by a black manservant, standing on the right of the painting and playing a pipe and tabor.
The two servants frame the picture, the black servant playing a pipe and tabor.
The fire department notified Olympic Pipe Line of the leak and evacuated the area around the creek.
For service to pipe band music.
A much larger pipe organ was installed in the church in 1911, replacing the earlier organ by R C Clifton.
In playing the instrument, Partch called for a "one-finger technique," which is "much closer to the spirit of Indian vina playing than it is to the pipe organ."
Many features of the bikes were changed including the gas tank, seat (notably manner of attachment), handlebars, exhaust pipe, taillight, chain guard, decals, new motorcycle style center kickstand, among others.
The Black Widow also came with a chrome straight pipe exhaust and motocross tires.
After winning only one of his five races in his native country, Sir Des Champs was transferred to Ireland and won seven races in succession including the Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle, Greenmount Park Novice Chase, Killiney Novice Chase, Jewson Novices' Chase and Growise Champion Novice Chase.
 1887 - The aqueduct is upgraded to an iron aqueduct pipe
A specification of the organ from towards the end of its life can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
There have been subsequent rebuildings and renovations over the years, resulting in a 3-manual and pedal pipe organ.
A separate pipe organ is situated in the Whitall Memorial Chapel.
The pipe band of the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards release their instrumental recording of "Amazing Grace" which reaches No.
Public donors bought Southern Rhodesian tobacco, cigarettes and pipe tobacco to send to the British forces.
CertainTeed continued the dumping of asbestos containing material such as broken wallboard and asbestos pipe.
It represents approximately seventy pipe bands in full membership of the association in Northern Ireland and over three thousand individual members.
Formal gatherings of pipe bands in Northern Ireland, for the purpose of competition, date back to 1912 when the Northern Ireland Bands Association regularly held indoor contests.
To become an affiliated branch of the parent body in Scotland, at that time the 'Scottish Pipe Band Association', it was necessary to have interest from at least ten bands and so in October 1950,
Thereafter it was completed as a utility tunnel, initially carrying only a water pipe, but later other services were added.
The Wellington Regional Water Board purchased Wainuiomata Tunnel from Wainuiomata Development Company in 1975, intending to use it for a much larger, replacement water pipe.
As this wasn’t an option at the time, they were offered, and accepted, the alternative of the nearby smaller, and much older, Waiwhetu Tunnel that had previously been used for a water supply pipe.
After the match LAX grabbed the American Flag to burn it again before Petey Williams came out with a pipe in order to chase LAX to the back.
The anchor winches on Saipem's Semac 1 pipe laying barge, for example, each hold 2,800 metres of 76mm (3 inch) diameter wire rope in 14 layers.
Smith's early interest in music was sparked by singing in the local church choir, the "seat-rattling sound" of the church's pipe organ, and accompanying his parents to country-western dances.
"Mull of Kintyre" was performed with the full Ottawa Police Service Pipe Band.
In Regina, SK, the City of Regina Pipe Band joined McCartney for this number.
In 1907, the Ottoman authorities installed the first clean water pipe was installed at the springs.
  This photograph shows the train line (from the lower left corner), Butler Road (running from lower left to lower right), and the Western Pipe factory.
This new mechanic adds various new types of blocks to the mix, such as mud blocks that must be dissolved with water, pipe blocks that redirect the spray of water and wooden blocks that must be burned in order to destroy.
The players have to order a set number of various directional pipe blocks, that are given at every stage around the playfield, in order to redirect the water fired by Patricia's dousing apparatus so it can put down fire blocks and dissolve mud blocks.
The two-manual pipe organ dating from 1878 is by Nicholson and Lord.
"Prof." Friend would empty the unrefined sugar into a pipe leading into the river.
The habitat is a series of PVC pipe protruding from the ground nestled amongst large sage bushes.
The relatively abundant flow comes directly from the ground without any discernible pipe or culvert.
Until recently a pipe carried water out through a brick face however this was destroyed by a utility company and never restored despite local calls for it to be restored.
She created a number of pipe and tobacco still lifes, one of which was purchased by sugar baron H.O.
I always liked old books and old engravings, so I put the pipe with some of my old books and painted them."
The house is flooded due to the bursting pipe in the attic during the fall, so they take everything for safekeeping, Ratty also finds a letter with an American postmark for Toad.
After the theater first closed in 1976, the Barton 3-11 pipe organ was donated to the Flint Institute of Music and was moved to the MacArthur Recital Hall there where it still is today.
With the help of two lazy California sea lions named Fluke and Rudder and a common loon named Becky, they manage to get into the institute and find her in the pipe system.
There were steel and cement plants, meat packers, shipbuilders and many other industrial plants; major companies included W. P. Fuller Paint, Western Pipe and Steel Company, the Metal and Thermit Corporation, and the Western Meat Company.
He performed on piano, pipe organ, drums and orchestral percussion.
In retrospect, this pipe organ experience laid solid groundwork for his future endeavors in synthesis and instrument design.
It would then proceed to Vauxhall, and pull into the "down" side platform, where a discharge pipe was provided to the creamery on the other side of the road.
Hook cracks, extremely low impact toughness, and elongation properties were named for the pipe tested.
The spark and throttle levers are on the steering wheel together with an air lever working a valve in the induction pipe (after the throttle).
The present organ was installed in 1886 – specifications appear in the National Pipe Organ Register.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1876 by Henry Willis, and restored in 2003 by David Wells.
The church contains a small 2 manual pipe organ dating from 1897.
The church contains a small pipe organ by T.H.
Such a system would need an adequate porous barrier, a workable gas pump, and a pipe that could resist the corrosive effects of uranium hexafluoride gas.
The two directions of traffic are separated by a steel pipe mounted approximately  above the deck.
The church contains a pipe organ installed in 2010 by Jonathan Wallace of Henry Groves & Son.
The church contains a pipe organ by Brindley & Foster dating from 1877.
The church contains a pipe organ by Albert Keates.
The church contains a pipe organ by Bryceson.
This was replaced by the current organ dates in 2005 by Principal Pipe Organs.
cat can be used to pipe a file to a program that expects plain text or binary data on its input stream.
Pipe bomb, another type of IED that works in a similar way to a pressure cooker bomb
The tins were also used to create a pipe for fresh air to funnel through the tunnel with the assistance of a hand-cranked fan at the entrance of the tunnel.
The four Under characters hold their suit symbol facing downward, the Ober and König characters hold it facing upward (with the exception of Eicheln Ober and Schilten König, whose suit symbols are hovering in the top left corner without their holding it as they are holding a pipe and a cup instead, respectively).
Unlike other depictions at the time, in which black people were included as servants, Smith's portraits Fellah of Kinneh and The Pipe of Freedom show his subjects as independent and free; they were painted to celebrate the abolition of slavery in America in 1865 following the American Civil War.
The church's two-manual of eleven stops pipe organ, which was built by George Fincham & Son, in 1910.
Jónas Sen (harpsichord, pipe organ and gameleste) also participated in the concerts during the Reykjavík and Paris residencies.
The hazards around the pipe have since then been mitigated, by improved handling of the city's wastewater and runoff.
Retired top-class steeplechaser Our Vic joins the British Racing School, from the website of racehorse trainer David Pipe
The pool's drain is on the bottom beneath the  concrete platform, where water flows through a discharge pipe and creates the Glen Springs Run.
Palihapitiya accounted for $100 million of the PIPE.
The swirler consists of curved vanes around a central pipe forming an annular flow.
Other invasive weeds present in the Noosa Biosphere Reserve are Dutchman’s pipe (Aristolochia elegans) and camphor laurel (Cinnamomum camphora).
The separation of the doors caused airframe damage and the right hand engine fire resulted from a ruptured fuel pipe.
He lobbied for 136 boreholes for the 116 communities in the Kumbungu area and connected 7 communities with pipe borne water.
The force of the expanding gas drives water downwards from the combustion chamber and accelerates it along the delivery pipe.
This was much smaller, around six inches in diameter rather than six feet, and also had much smaller water pipe connections to it.
Subsequently, he was introduced to a family friend, Pipe Major David Kay from Cumnock who was his first tutor, he subsequently received Piobaireachd tuition from Iain Clowe of Dumfries.
The state argued that the eviction was justified because of the lack of clean drinking water, and dangers posed by an underground petrol pipe and electric cables.
The 2007 Guatemala City sinkhole is a 100-metre deep sinkhole which formed in Guatemala City in 2007, due to sewage pipe ruptures.
Emma holds onto a pipe as a portal grows in the ground; Neal however slips into the hole after letting go of Emma's grip, saying his final words, "I love you, too."
While in Germany, he worked in a pipe manufacturing plant and lived in a camp in the Saar region on the bank of the Rhine River.
A new steam pipe to the engine, from the Cornish Boiler, was installed, tested with steam, and lagged.
Jordan aids in their search, crawling through a pipe to be confronted by the children, who begin to remove the bandages covering their burn-like rashes.
The small 2 manual 12 stop pipe organ is by Charles Lloyd, and it was rebuilt in 1963 by Cousins of Lincoln.
There is a pipe organ and a Canadian reed organ.
One bomb struck Versatiles upper deck, causing her engine room to flood, and splinters from that bomb and several near misses killed nine men, fatally injured another, wounded a third of her crew, and damaged her steam pipe, causing her to go dead in the water.
Navapur industrial areas include textile mills, oil mills, drainage pipe factory and a rice mill.
1 generation unit of the power plant was shut down due to pipe rupture, causing 600 MW of power loss.
 Three-hole pipe, a musical instrument usually played alongside tabor (drum)
In 1840, a pipe organ was installed, the work of organ builder Hypolite Loret of Brussels.
The accused and one Edna Saunders, at the latter's suggestion, decided to commit suicide by introducing into a closed motor car poisonous fumes from the exhaust pipe of the car.
Ben McLusky – additional pipe organ
On 29 April 2015, 18-year-old Kazi Islam, who was inspired by the murder, was convicted by a jury at the Old Bailey of grooming a vulnerable friend to kill two soldiers, and buying ingredients for a pipe bomb.
Officials initially claimed that Todashev picked up a knife or attempted to grab a samurai sword from the wall, but later said that it was unclear whether this was the case; one source said it was "a knife or a pipe or something".
Robert McCreath, President, The Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association.
He helped organized the Grand Ledge Sewer Pipe Company and a chair factory.
One the rear facade one rectangular cast iron pipe and two nineteenth century rainwater heads survive.
An cutoff saw is used for cutting larger items, like heavy metal stock, metal studs, and for cutting large metal pipe.
Plumber Michael Clancy, fixing up some pipe on the stock exchange, accidentally buys some stock and makes a quick $200 on a 20 percent margin.
It began operation about 1879 and was at one time the largest clay pipe manufacturer in the United States.
The Pipe School is located in Lanark, Wisconsin.
Truman Jeffers was living on what is now the William Pipe farm in Lanark in 1856.
On Oct. 14, 1881, Julius Jeffers was married to Cordelia Thayer, who was the second teacher at the Pipe School.
Powers include sharp claws, a constricting tail, machine guns in each shoulder pipe, and a mouth flamethrower.
Vehicles with Diesel engine sold in the United States were since end of 2008 equipped with selective catalysator using Diesel exhaust fluid (DEF) to reduce NOx emissions, while vehicles sold in Europe had a bypass exhaust pipe only due to the regulations which ended up in Dieselgate.
The engine and gearbox unit had four live rubber mountings and the silencer and exhaust pipe were similarly insulated.
Some completely stood in for the person such as Manuel Felguérez’s pipe surrounded by burned wooden matches, empty paint tubes belonging to Arnold Belkin and Salvador Novo’s old worn typewriter, which he gave to Emilio Carballido.
Reginald Victor Jarvis, Pipe Fitter, Wolverhampton District, West Midlands Gas Board.
James McLennan Sanderson, Pipe Major, Queen Victoria School, Dunblane.
The racecourse was founded near the hamlet of Pipe Gate, on farmland owned by Mr Icke and leased to the racecourse company.
The nearby Pipe Gate railway station, opened 1870, provided access to the course.
Traill devised and patented a conduit system of burying the live rail in a pipe with electrical contact.
John Seton, Drum Major, Massed Pipe Bands, Gathering of the Clans, Edinburgh.
After giving the SWAT Kats the slip, he is found by Dr. Viper near a sewer pipe and mutated into a grotesque purple bacteria monster that divides into more of itself (in the style of amoeba) when hit.
The church also has a pipe organ which was a gift from the St. Ayden's Church in Cheltenham, England.
The drill string consists of a series of pipe segments  in diameter screwed end to end, with a drillbit assembly at the bottom.
A ceiling collapse happens at Jem due to a leaking water pipe, injuring three.
He arrives and captures her before escaping through the pipe, while the heroes enter it and pursue him.
The moving helping warp pipe, who helped Yoshi throughout the journey, is seen at the end and is revealed to be adult Mario who also travelled back through time and space to help Yoshi to succeed and returns to his own timeline.
The Tin Man has had many forms, practically a stick form in its original incarnation it grew into a seven and a half foot 18 gauge iron colossus reinforced with heavy duty soil pipe submerged 4 feet into the ground and 5 ½ feet up through the interior of the figure to withstand potential impact.
The report stated that a pipe plant proposal in the area had strong local backing.
Elgar's first visit abroad was to Paris in 1880, which he visited with Charlie Pipe who was to marry Elgar's sister Lucy a year later, and the titles reflect Elgar's impressions.
  Justin Pipe (Quarter-finals)
Nathaniel Howard Buglass, lately Secretary, Clay Pipe Development Association.
Donald MacLeod, Instructor, High School of Dundee Pipe Band, Combined Cadet Force.
John Henry Stephens, Grade I Welder, Unit Superheater & Pipe Co. Ltd., Swansea.
The company's earliest product, the Gearench, was a tool for working with small-diameter pipe.
On 16 April 2015, Saladworks, which was located on the second floor, was flooded when a blocked waste pipe caused a backflow of water into the store.
Rankine cycle systems vaporize pressurised water using a steam generator located in the exhaust pipe.
When the engine is warmed up the exhaust gas is diverted to a by-pass pipe.
Together with Father Mason, Nieves helped to organize a major fundraising drive that generated over $500,000 from the congregation, and enabled a complete renovation of the church property in 1993: including the steeples and church bells, the church dome, and even the 1931 Möller pipe organ.
However, he soon admits to suffering from vertigo and slides down the roof, landing against his groin on a drainage pipe.
Track-laying of the iron rail purchased from Lochiel had been carried from the State line to Little Pipe Creek eleven miles.
This number should not be confused with the Darcy friction factor which applies to pressure drop in a pipe.
Paloor conceives God as a Sultan, smoking his pipe filled with dried human lives (The Coward).
Mander Organs, an English pipe organ maker and refurbisher based in London
He has also directed the film Pipe Dream (2002) and most recently wrote the screenplay for the upcoming film Dalíland.
Dubbed "a screwball satire" by Entertainment Weekly, Pipe Dream follows a romance between the plumber and a would-be screenwriter as it skewers its characters' misguided scheming.
In June 2020, during protests against racism and police brutality in the wake of the murder of George Floyd, OANN reporter Jack Posobiec falsely claimed that there were pipe bombs planted at the Korean War Memorial in Washington D.C., and that "federal assets [were] in pursuit".
An air brake pipe connects to each car and locomotive on the train.
The Grib diamond pipe is named in honor of Vladimir Grib, a post-graduate member of the exploration team, led by Andrѐy V. Sinitsyn, who died prior to the mine's discovery.
Water Pipe railway station is a railway station on the  – Matheran railway line of the Matheran Hill Railway.
Each shaft had three compartments with two skiproads, and a separate pipe and ladder way compartment.
The famous organ, once a centerpiece of entertainment at the mansion has now been restored, renovated and renamed as the Magnani Pipe Organ in honor of its benefactors.
The building is surrounded on three sides by a rendered brick fence with rendered brick piers and pipe and chainwire infill.
In 1872, Bollman's firm, Patapsco Bridge and Iron Works completed the bridge and viaducts with a total length of 705 feet, span over little pipe creek of 135 feet, trestle consisting of 19 spans, eleven on the Frederick County side and eight on the Carroll County side of the creek.
In 1917, span 9, the Little Pipe Creek span was rebuilt using new materials with no information on the scope of the effort.
The coffin was then taken to the Abbey, about 300 metres away, accompanied by drummers and a massed pipe band of 192 musicians drawn from 13 British and Commonwealth regiments.
The lake water is treated at Vadakuthu Water Treatment Plant by pumping raw water at a distance of 20 km from Sethiathope to Vadakuthu through 1,775 mm diameter mild steel pipe.
The iron rich water was originally taken from a pipe using an iron cup attached to a chain.
This property requires that the capillary tube mats are always operated only in corrosion-protected pipe systems.
Potholes and a dunite pipe are present within the area and result in geological losses.
Pardo is known by the nickname Pipe, which is short for Felipe.
 John Loosemore (1616–1681), English builder of pipe organs
Valves can leak or be operated inadvertently, as opposed to pipe blinds.
Ideally, the soil should be such as to allow the pipe to settle into it to some extent, thereby providing it with some lateral stability.
Under these circumstances, it may be preferable to bring the pipe elsewhere, even if this alternative route ends up being longer.
It is used to test for hydrostatic pressure, to check for dents and crimps on the sidewalls inside the pipe, and to conduct periodic cleaning and minor repairs.
However, unlike for the S-lay system, where pipe welding can be done simultaneously at several locations along the vessel deck's length, the J-lay system can only accommodate one welding station.
The band released June that year, followed by their 2012 debut album, Pipe Dreams.
Grinda Brothers, pipe organ builders
Organ building is the profession of designing, building, restoring and maintaining pipe organs.
Man with a Pipe, also referred to as Portrait of an American Smoker, Portrait of an American Smoking, American Smoking and American Man, is a painting by the French Cubist artist Jean Metzinger.
The man, an American according to the title of the work, has his arms crossed and has a pipe in his mouth.
One represents a boat with a setting or rising sun, the other, a portrait placed in a semi-circle, almost an echo of the Man with a Pipe.
The last weld in the  pipe was made by Gladys Crosby Whitney, wife of Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney.
In 1995, Silke Ehrich discovered Nitrospira moscoviensis in a sample taken from an eroded iron pipe.
The  pipe was designed to be able to carry 28,000 barrels per day from the La Petrólea and Tibú fields.
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Ainscough, and rebuilt in 1987 by Rushworth and Dreaper.
Three Star Tobacco, a private label pipe tobacco blend was developed in the 1950s by the Iwan Ries & Co.
He didn’t manage the full 540 degree rotation, instead landing at about 450 degrees, which resulted in him running out of space and the bike dropping down the edge of the landing hill where it got stuck in between the dirt and the quarter pipe.
He experimented with jazz on the pipe organ, before switching to the Hammond.
Various models were produced, which originally used tonewheels to generate sound via additive synthesis, where component waveform ratios are mixed by sliding switches called drawbars and imitate the pipe organ's registers.
Henderland was joint clerk of the pipe in the court of exchequer, an office which, through the influence of Lord Melville, was subsequently conferred on his two sons.
The slurry is introduced at the top of the downcomer as a jet that draws in air through a second pipe to form a stable two-phase mixture (see Figure 3).
The chimney has been replaced by a pipe stack.
In any sub-surface pipe, even of the most advanced design, penetration by foreign intrusions such as tree roots is a commonplace cause of a fatberg blockage.
At 14:00 on August 6, 2013, during the overhaul of plant №1 at the Stirol chemical plant, while depressurizing an ammonia reservoir, a liquid ammonia pipe with a diameter of 150 mm and a working pressure of 12 atmospheres was damaged and gas ammonia escaped.
He had just two lines in the drama about passing a pipe (chelam) to an elder.
Within the unit the couplings were semi-permanently fixed with a bar coupling, but conventional couplings were provided at unit ends; in addition were the power jumper for the bus line and an eight-core control cable, as well as the Westinghouse brake pipe coupling.
Dart Attack – Hosted by Jake Hamilton-Jones, the celebrities take it in turn to fire darts at each other with a blow pipe while the other is strapped to a spinning wheel.
The blunderbuss, which was the only firearm available to the player during the early game, was replaced with a new lineup of makeshift pipe weapons.
23-EDO was advocated by ethnomusicologist Erich von Hornbostel in the 1920s, as the result of "a cycle of 'blown' (compressed) fifths" of about 678 cents that may have resulted from "overblowing" a bamboo pipe.
Levinson has played live in support of Apollo Sunshine, Serena Ryder, The Verve Pipe, Big Head Todd and the Monsters, Matt Wertz, Chris Barron of the Spin Doctors, Grand Archives and Zox.
 January 29 – February 10: Billabong Pipe Masters 2022 in  Oahu
Vithal developed a great liking for the pipe as he saw it as a symbol of "democracy".
The original pipe organ was made by John Davis of Liverpool, but was damaged by floods in 1927 and replaced by a harmonium.
Lakeview United Church holds the pipe organ which was in Knox United at the corner of Lorne Street and 11th Avenue until it was demolished in 1951.
The outlet works comprise a reinforced concrete intake tower and a reinforced concrete draw-off culvert and associated pipe work.
Despite the availability of new digital theater organs, there is still an active market of original pipe instruments and parts.
The main pipe led to a stone reservoir on the north side of the churchyard with branches to points in the lower levels of the town.
He began playing the pipe organ at a very young age and gave his first public performance at age five.
Formation of Roads and metal Roads in Patancheru, established Pipe lines and Supplied free manjeera water to all the colonies in Patancheru.
This water pipe was an engineering marvel for its day, using only the water pressure flow from Marlette Lake.
He was sent back into training with the National Hunt trainer Martin Pipe but never ran again.
In late 2009, frustrated with a sidewalk perpetually covered by residue from a leaking drainage pipe, Jason Eppink and frequent collaborator Posterchild constructed a footbridge from recycled wood and installed it at the site of the leak.
During descents, the 32 Tonner would be put into reverse with the steam regulator closed and a three-way valve in the exhaust pipe under the smokebox would be closed when brake power was required.
This branch pipe had another valve, by which the driver could regulate the amount of compression in the cylinders.
The original galleried interior was transformed by the removal of the side galleries, the downstairs pews and the now redundant pipe organ.
The safety valves were arranged above the firebox inside the cab, while a steam escape pipe was fitted above the valves and passed through the roof.
The East Side Big Pipe is a large sewer line and tunnel in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.
By late 2011, the city finished the largest of the CSO projects, the East Side Big Pipe.
The pipe in the tunnel has an inside diameter of .
For service to the community of Adelaide through the pipe band movement.
Rutgers has not decided whether it will restore the organ or replace it with a new pipe organ as the university considers the possibility of undertaking a larger restoration of the chapel.
In the church is a three-manual pipe organ built originally by Henry Willis and Sons and Lewis and Company.
The boiler had to generate the supply of steam while the engine passed through the tunnel at the head of the incline with the blast pipe not functioning, since the exhaust steam was diverted to the side tanks while the counter-pressure air brake system was in operation.
The building and its equipment cost $280,000, and it housed a $22,500 Wurlitzer pipe organ.
When the high-pressure cylinder began to exhaust steam into the receiver pipe, the starting valve was automatically closed and normal compound working ensued.
As the beat bounces and horns pipe up, the singer bobs and weaves through a myriad of attributes she "wishes" she had—namely "a butt and a rack"".
 Wasatch & District Pipe Band, guests
The original pipe organ had three manuals and was built by C. and J. Whiteley.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1903 by Norman and Beard.
A fire bag was used for carrying flints, steel and tinder to start a fire as well as tobacco, pipe, knife and other personal items as most capotes had no pockets.
A History of Interstate Oil Pipe Line Company, 1909-1959, published in 1959 by Louisiana State University Press
Ya ba (a pill containing caffeine and methamphetamine) smokers often use a technique in which a ya ba pill is placed on aluminium foil that is heated underneath with a lighter, in turn vaporizing the pill so that it can be inhaled through a heat-resistant pipe.
A specification of the organ may be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The house can be dated to 1718, because of the date 1718 on the lead head to the rainwater pipe.
The church has a two-manual pipe organ by the company Bishop and Son, dating from 1951, which was almost completely rebuilt in 2003 by Rodney Briscoe.
The company originally built pipe organs, later branching out into aerospace components, heavy-duty industrial pneumatic tools, torque limiters, and custom CNC machining.
The penstock pipe that takes water from the Umrangso dam to the hydropower house burst during early hours in Assam’s Dima Hasao district, and massive quantity of water erupted, a lot of it entered the power house, where four employees of NEEPCO were feared to have been trapped/ washed away.
 Pipe Dream (Binghamton University student newspaper, twice weekly)
The first documentary evidence of a pipe organ in the church is from 1847 when a new instrument a 2-manual with 14 stops, by George Sherborne, was installed on the west gallery.
Paul Fritts, American pipe organ builder
The river's bedrock deterred installing a buried pipe.
They drive to a remote location where the missionaries are handcuffed to a pipe, held at gunpoint, and photographed.
By the 1830s he was the owner of Worcester Pipe Works, Russells Brickworks, and many properties in the city.
The organ was installed in 1895 by Brook & Co as a two-manual pipe organ and was subsequently enlarged to three manuals in 1921.
 Udachnaya pipe – diamond mine in Yakutia, Russia
The pipe organ has two manuals, and was made by Rushworth and Dreaper.
Up to twenty murders and hundreds of shootings, stabbings and pipe bomb attacks have been attributed to the feud since it began.
The auxiliary chimney at the rear avoided the need to run an exhaust steam pipe along the full length of the locomotive to the smokebox at the front end.
The spider consists of multiple gripper tools, sometimes constructed as wedge-shaped arms (Slips (oil drilling)) that holds the string by the downward force of the pipe.
On the inside surface, the slips normally has replaceable steel teeth that grips the pipe.
The engine had four basic components: a single stage centrifugal compressor with double-sided impeller, a single straight-through combustion chamber, a single stage, axial flow turbine and a convergent propelling nozzle attached to a jet pipe.
A portrait of Emerton, Woman and pipe, by Merilyn Fairskye was a finalist for the 1987 Archibald Prize.
PW Eagle was the second largest plastic pipe maker in the United States at the time.
After his studies at The Hague University and the Nyenrode University he was management trainee at Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group in 1994-95.
The agreement allowed Northern Pulp to continue its work to repair a broken pipe that had spilled effluent near a First Nations burial ground, and will lead to a timeline for the closure of the Boat Harbour Effluent Treatment Facility.
After saying it has been a long time, Pan explains that only boys who feel unloved can hear his pipe, which is why Rumplestiltskin can hear him.
In 1996,  of oil leaked from a pipe into Shickshinny Creek, but there was no major environmental damage.
The house included a library, billiard room and a built-in pipe organ.
Siphon peeler centrifuge has similar structure to Krauss-Maffei horizontal peeler centrifuge, except instead of inner drum wall with pores, siphon peeler centrifuge has solid inner drum wall where the liquid filtered through solid cake and filter medium will flow along the wall axially and through siphon pipe into separate chamber unlike horizontal peeler centrifuge.
In the PFR, the reactants come into contact with each other in the pipe rather than a mixing vessel in conventional mixing systems, such as a continuously stirred tank reactor.
The mob took Albert, Jr. to a field in rural Webster Parish, tied him upside down to a pipe, covered his head, and at gunpoint, they forced him by way of multiple beatings to implicate his cousin (Jones) as an accomplice in the alleged prowling.
A replacement Wurlitzer pipe organ was installed beginning in 1992.
The axle-driven feedwater pump had two disadvantages, the hydraulic ram action of the pump when running at high speed which tended to cause burst pumps and pipe connections, and the inability to feed the boiler while the engine was stationary.
After the reconstruction of the cathedral a 1967 pipe organ by Alexander Schuke, which had originally been built for St. Thomas Church, Leipzig, was transferred to Fürstenwalde.
Peace Pipe is the 5th album by bassist Ben Allison.
The Page Organ Company was an American manufacturer of theater pipe organs, located in Lima, Ohio.
He served seven years as an apprentice in an organ building firm in Edinburgh, where he learned every phase of pipe organ construction.
The vent pipe was necessary because the brotkamera leaked and the officers’ flour got wet and rotted.
Digging at these mounds, which were seemingly related to Mound Hill, produced artifacts such as pottery and a pipe, as well as numerous stone box graves.
Burke's Green initially was an unnamed parcel of park land deeded to the city by Bennett, with a beehive style  pile of rocks, that had a water pipe up center that drizzled water over the rocks.
It was founded in 1961 with the beginnings of diamond extraction from the kimberlite pipe found here.
Hyundai EP has four Business Units (PP Compounding BU, PE Compounding BU, PS/EPS BU and PB-1 PIPE BU).
Steam rises up more generating tubes and finally back into the steam drum where the dry pipe is located then into the plant.
Lt-Col Colin "Mad Mitch" Mitchell is reported to have ordered the regimental pipe band to march down the main street, whilst playing.
Once the installation is complete CODA hopes to; have students intern and practice playing the large instrument, set up tours and special events, and act as an attraction for people who seek out the music of the large pipe organs including concert organists.
Ray Taylor and his sons began "assembling the all-Wurlitzer pipe organ in 1979", getting parts from many sources, like the console from a Detroit theater.
A pipe organ is played from an area called the console or keydesk, which holds the manual keyboards that look like a traditional piano keyboard, pedals, and stop controls.
Miscellaneous / Declare Productions LLC: Ghosts of War, Pipe Dream''
Recently, the Kenyan Piping Company bulldozed the school, though the government claimed it was an accident due to construction of a pipe that was going through the city.
 A type of hookah or pipe
For example the shear stress variation in a rotating pipe cannot be predicted with quadratic tensors.
Sometimes his boisterous character gets him into trouble, but even in tight spots he always manages to keep smoking his pipe.
The 1762 pipe organ of the Catholic part was moved to the Church of Saint Maurice in Soultz-les-Bains in 1865.
Schuyler's poem "Letter to a Friend: Who Is Nancy Daum" refers to an Alex Katz portrait of Martory with a pipe, in the collection of the Flow Chart Foundation.
Substantial impedance is generated in transitions, where the shape of the beam pipe changes.
3254 until 2004, when problems with its trailing truck, dry pipe and tires were found.
It is mainly influenced by concrete thickness, pipe spacing, and to a less degree, concrete type.
The builder of the two-manual pipe organ is unknown.
He began studying the piano at the age of five and had achieved grade eight Pianoforte, Theory of Music and Pipe Organ by the age of 13.
Tied to a rope, Sparkes entered the drain and was rapidly washed 20 metres along the pipe by the ferocity of the current before realising the rope was inadequate.
Although believing the child had little or no chance of survival, screams were heard further downstream in a pipe under a section of the Pacific Highway at the junction of six drains.
At this stage Sparkes was 30 metres from the pipe opening and 3 metres underground.
In 1882, some people attempted to pump water from Little Mahanoy Creek to create a reservoir and pipe the water to those who needed it.
The rope is then wrapped around a smooth pole, pipe, round beam or tree branch which has a diameter greater than the rope.
The Boundary Layer Research Facility (BLRF) operates a 12-inch turbulent pipe flow of glycerine.
The photograph shows the locomotive hauling a makeshift water tender, consisting of two water tanks on a two-axle goods wagon, with a water pipe strung along the locomotive's side to feed water into the side tanks on the engine.
The orchestra pit was also covered, except for a section that will be the future home of an antique Wurlitzer pipe organ console.
The church received its first pipe organ in 1680, built by the Ghent organ builder Nicolaas Langlez.
Paul Schmidt was the first to employ the pulsating flame with the invention of the ARGUS-Schmidt pipe (Figure 1).
Harrison & Harrison made the pipe organ, which is positioned to the rear of the pulpit.
American Cast Iron Pipe Company
The pews, choir stalls, pulpit, memorials, pipe organ, stained glass windows, leadlights, and altar from the Swan Street church were also transferred to the present church building.
There are cast in ducts from the crankcase to the port in the cylinder to provide for intake and another from the exhaust port to the exhaust pipe.
Lorenzo Musante (−17 April 1780) was an Italian pipe organ builder.
Three working pressures increased air velocity stab in the main air pipe (along the train) from .
In 1996, the Group has introduced SUBOR Pipe Industry Inc. to manufacture high-end technology composite construction materials.
The Albany Theatre's first production featured H. L. Tallman on the Robert Morton Organ Company pipe organ (Opus 2304) along with Ralph Barnes and his Albany Theatre Orchestra accompanying The Magic Flame starring Ronald Colman and Vilma Bánky.
In 2016, the monumental pipe organ, a 1963 work by organ builder Curt Schwenkedel, was restored and moved into Saint Stephen’s Church, where it started a new life as a church organ instead of a concert organ.
The two-manual pipe organ was built by Henry Willis & Sons, possibly in 1878.
The original three-manual pipe organ was made by Robert Hope-Jones.
The casing of the pipe organ depicts Christophe Andrault de Langeron (1680-1768), an aristocrat who was the supervisor of galleys during the Great Plague of Marseille, in charge of taking diseased bodies out of boats and hampering the spread of the disease.
In 1890, François Mader made a new pipe organ for the church (though the casing was preserved), and it was restored by Ets Michel-Merklin & Kuhn in 1934.
The pipe organ was made by Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811-1899).
The pipe organ, designed by Jean-Esprit Isnard (1707-1781), dates back to 1743.
In 1947, the City of Eugene purchased the millrace, and in 1949 installed a pipe along the length of the lower millrace channel to accommodate highway improvements.
He learned how to build pipe organs in Toulouse.
He became a renowned builder of pipe organs.
In 1742, as a lay brother, he restored the pipe organ inside the Église Sainte-Marthe in Tarascon.
He went on to build the pipe organs inside the Cathédrale Saint-Sauveur, also in Aix.
Additionally, he taught Jean-Pierre Cavaillé, the father of Dominique Cavaillé-Coll and grandfather of Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811-1899), how to build pipe organs.
He lifted a one-meter pipe (1,022 kg) and kept it aloft for 12.5 seconds (Donetsk).
During the gravity storm fight with Daisy Johnson aboard the modified Zephyr-One, Sinara was killed when Daisy Johnson impaled her with a pipe.
Films such as “"Dede Korkud", "Babek", "Fakir blows Paris" (Dərviş Dərviş Parisi partladır), " Pipe voice" (Tütək səsi), "Investigation" (İstintaq"), " Birthday" (Ad günü), " Mother-in-law"(Qayınana), "Papakh" included into Gold Fund.
Fire was a boy surveying implements of war, with gold and silver inlaid harness, drums, embroidered silk banners and spears with damask coverlets, with a small monkey smoking a pipe and drinking a glass of rossoly (rosée du soleil).
The exterior façade expresses the structural pipe columns and sawtooth roof structure.
Silambu, ring shaped anklet, like hollow pipe that used to contain precious stones, silver balls, pearl or coral beads.
This included a main sewer pipe running under New Road (in Chatham), up to Gillingham and onwards to Motney Hill on the Rainham Marshes (now within the Riverside Country Park).
This includes roads, seismic lines, pipe lines, well sites, and cutblocks that accompany industrial activities such as oil and gas exploration and development and forestry.
Governor Gordon Guggisberg implemented a ten-year program consisting of a pipe system with drains constructed out of concrete.
It was thought that several cutting blades were damaged by striking a steel pipe that had been used to measure groundwater in 2002 around the Alaskan Way Viaduct.
Because the machine cannot cut through metal, the pipe damaged several of Bertha's cutting blades, necessitating blade replacement before the machine could proceed.
Causative factors have been linked to this condition and include vigorous, horizontal tooth brushing, using toothpaste with a relatively high RDA value (above 250), pipe smoking or nail biting.
A new oak organ case was created by Birmingham Sculptors Ltd and Craftinwood Ltd. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The church had a pipe organ built by Henry Willis which originally had two manuals, to which and a choir section was added later by H. Ainscough.
He developed a pipe designed for motorists in 1904.
In The New York Times review of the book, the anonymous author credited Dunhill with making pipe smoking "a gentlemanly diversion".
Neill has had racehorses in training with Martin Pipe, Michael Bell and Richard Hannon, Sr.  His best horse was probably Gloria Victis, who had to be put down after running a tremendously brave race in the Tote Cheltenham Gold Cup at the 2000 Cheltenham Festival.
300-400 children followed a pipe band from the Mid Street Academy to the new school.
GC-M4R is one of the first Chinese UAV intended for aerial patrol for power and pipe lines to have night capability, because the payload integrates infrared camera for night operations.
Pipe soldering samples taken from Kai Ching Estate contained 50 per cent lead.
radiometric dating of the kimberlite pipe reported on in 1977 gave a general age between .
Most vans had been fitted only with a Westinghouse train pipe, not the full brake apparatus, between 1889 and 1892.
Most of the depression has now been filled and the water now runs in a pipe.
When the robbers chase the chest of gold to the base of the hill, they find Ichi sitting atop it smoking his pipe.
The pipe organ was installed by the E.M. Skinner Organ Co. in 1925, Opus 523.
At the mill, a water pipe abruptly breaks and begins to flood the hole in which the two students are trapped.
The officials discovered a large crack in a pipe used to drain water from the drawoff shaft, which led to the evacuation of 350 houses, 7 schools and the relocation of miners from Maerdy Colliery.
 American Cast Iron Pipe Company (ACIPCO)
He further defines petroleum as a form of bitumen that is gaseous or liquid in the reservoir and can be produced through a pipe.
 "Spanish Pipe Dream" (indicated as "Blow Up Your T.V."
The current pipe organ was dedicated on July 2, 1939.
The original pipe organ was made by Bewsher and Fleetwood and had two manuals.
In keeping with the importance placed on music in Methodism, a large pipe organ was installed.
The organ chamber claims twenty eight feet of this floor space and the pipe organ was supplied by Messrs. B.B.
Bagad Kemper (using the Breton name for the town of Quimper) is one of the oldest bagad, Breton pipe bands.
In 1935, Raeder was so enraged when he saw one of his officers smoking a pipe when he was driving that he issued an order that this "deplorable state of affairs" cease at once, and officers were never to smoke while driving.
In the organ exhibit, there is a self playing pipe organ, a monkey organ, a glass organ, a Hammond organ, Reed organ, and a 300-year-old hurdy-gurdy, as well as others, and visitors can see and hear some of the instruments play on iPads and monitors.
It is now maintained by Pierce Pipe Organs and plans are afoot for its complete restoration at some future date.
The small pipe organ by Whitehouse to the right of the chancel was extensively rebuilt and electrified in 1984.
Using LED headlights for the first time, designers used polycarbonate thermoplastic optics to focus the beams, with one LED for each beam and an orange thermoplastic light pipe (doubling as the turn signal).
The large pipe organ, being an object of much effort to maintain, was replaced with an electric organ.
The construction started in May 1999, pipe laying was finished in November 2000.
The organ pipe cactus.
A new second pipe organ was installed at St Hildeburgh's with the cost being raised by public subscription in the 1920s.
More difficult ceremonies such as soul-calling () are performed by ritual experts the shaman (niam neeb txiv neeb) for spiritual healing, and various experts in funeral rites like the reed pipe player (txiv qeej), the soul chanter (nkauj plig) and the blessing singers ().
Risks related to water that collections maintenance must also be cautious of include locations that experience extreme weather conditions, faulty pipe or sprinkler systems, and the improper use of water during cleaning.
The church originally had an 1874 pipe organ by Booth & Kirkland, but this was replaced in 1905 with an organ by W. Andrews.
The church is still in commission and has a pipe organ and a peg bell by Mears & Stainbank.
Gary Anderson won his first and last European Tour event by defeating Justin Pipe 6–5 in the final.
Colliding with a pipe or the ground ends the gameplay.
| Staines Down Drains – "Episode 22: Pipe Dreams"
July 18: A steam pipe explosion kills one and wounds twenty others near the corner of Lexington Avenue and East 41st Street in Manhattan.
In 1916 he also organized the Berthelet Pipe & Supply Co., of which he was corporate secretary.
Once the young boy discovers that his dog can talk with his grandfather's old pipe, they go on adventures and solve crimes.
With the pipe giving him the ability to speak, Takeru can understand his dog.
This copper pipe serves as carrier of the vibrations that are constantly reverberating from the strength of the mantras and spreads the energy.
The church has a two manual pipe organ dating by James Jepson Binns.
 Fantasia for pipe organ No.1 in C Major (1988)
Clare Fischer - pipe organ
To restrain the soft bedrock, dozens of steel pipe piles with diameters of  and , supplied from Europe, were driven using a hydraulic hammer more than  deep into ground.
The church has a three manual pipe organ by William Hill & Sons.
The church has a two manual pipe organ.
The entire pipe network, however, was not completed until July 1874.
Monica and Blake convince Glenn to act as bait to draw some of the zombies into a local swamp, where they kill them with pipe bombs they made from the supplies they had.
The church has a one manual pipe organ fitted with an automatic barrel mechanism.
The church has a two manual pipe organ installed in 1964.
The church has a two manual pipe organ installed in 1877 by Brindley & Foster.
He is a two-time U.S. Revolution Tour champion, 2013 Copper Mountain Grand Prix/World Cup champion, 2014 Burton US Open champion, and 2014 Red Bull Double Pipe champion.
The church has a two manual pipe organ by Henry Willis dating from 1876.
The church has a two manual pipe organ by H.S.
The church has a single manual pipe organ which was purchased from St. Winifred's Church, Kingston on Soar in 1936 for a total cost of £29.
Two introductory volumes were published in the early twentieth century, Volume 1 (1901), which covered Early Man, Pre-Norman Remains, Introduction to and Texts of the Cumberland Domesday, Early Pipe Rolls, and Testa de Nevill and Volume II (1905) which covered Political History, Industries, Sport Ancient and Modern, Forestry.
Among the donations raised at this time was a pledge by Sarah Ecker Watts Morrison, wife of Governor Cameron A. Morrison of North Carolina, to donate a $20,000 ($ in  dollars) pipe organ to the finished church.
He carried out research in measurements using only a bamboo pipe and two wooden sticks.
The church had a two manual pipe organ by Nelson and Co dating from around 1910.
Phase one aimed to build a new reservoir and upgrade pipe infrastructure.
The church had a two manual pipe organ by Harrison and Harrison dating from 1883.
Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier (1815–1891) (YP) : A Man in Black smoking a Pipe (YP)
He attacks Emma, and as Hook arrives, she knocks him off the roof with a nearby pipe.
The pipe organ was made in 1899 by P. Conacher, and restored in 1909 by Gray and Davison.
The original project proposal would have involved constructing a sewage interceptor pipe on the river's bed for three kilometers, and for this reason the plan was opposed by local environmental groups.
There were 13 exhausts for the 14 cylinders; eight of these were grouped to exit, four on each side, along the forward fuselage, just above the leading edge of the wing; under the forward center section, between the undercarriage bays were five exhaust stacks, with cylinders 9 and 10 sharing a common pipe.
Subsidiary nests are often built in such places as the cavities in the walls of buildings, but only in places where some moisture exists, perhaps from a leaking pipe.
Roy Murfin, Pipe Fitter, BP Petroleum Development Ltd., Eakring.
In 1880 a pipe organ made by Brindley & Foster of Sheffield, England, was installed in the gallery of the church.
In the centre of the Gallery is located the Brindley and Foster pipe organ whose installation dates from 1880.
In essence, this enables intimate control of the speed of water delivery so that the capillary action of any soil can be matched (something that is virtually impossible for any other irrigation method including bare drip pipe below the surface).
Sound effects were also recycled; the sound when Mario is damaged is the same as when he enters a pipe, and Mario jumping on an enemy is the same sound as each stroke when swimming.
This stage's map is identical to worlds 2-2 and 7–2, and upon entering the warp pipe at the end, the player is taken back to the start of the level, thus trapping the player in the level until all lives have been lost.
The Link Piano and Organ Company was an American manufacturer of pianos, orchestrions, fotoplayers, and theatre pipe organs.
St Andrew's Brighton had the first locally built pipe organ in the Port Phillip District; the instrument was opened in 1843 in the first church building and built by the first Organist of St Andrew's, Peter Hurlstone.
Hurlstone had also assembled the Port Phillip District's earlier two pipe organs in the previous year.
The PSC found that the utility did not correctly install a gas pipe, and failed to notify the Fire Department after two reports of gas odors.
They focused on a drainage pipe connecting Pilgrim Lake to Cape Cod Bay.
The diameter of the pipe is .
He is portrayed on horseback, a pipe clasped in his exposed and bright teeth, with a panoramic backdrop of an Australian pastoral landscape.
Several times when Jesus Christ is depicted on screen, the full orchestra is replaced with a pipe organ.
From Cape Cod, always seems to have a pipe in his mouth and a smile on his face.
A $45,000 pipe organ manufactured by Hope-Jones Wurlitzer was installed by the theater's opening.
Coal for the plant will be brought from Orissa through ship to Ennore Port, from where it will be transported by pipe conveyor crossing Ennore Creek.
This flow is characterised by the intermittent sequence of liquid slugs followed by longer gas bubbles flowing through a pipe.
The vignette, which comes from Thomas Hart Benton's Independence and the Opening of the West, shows a Native American offering a pipe to settlers in a camp with a wagon train cresting a ridge in the background.
However, she is later injured on the job when a large pipe crushes her foot.
Make A Stand's victory was a first in the race for both jockey and owner: Pipe had previously won the race with Granville Again in 1993.
Frederick Victor Pipe, , Chairman, Derby District Committee, North Midlands Regional Board for Industry.
The following year was established the section of organaria art, homage to the tradition of the city of Crema in the realization of pipe organs and the first Italian museum dedicated to this theme
Following the advice of Michael W. Dickinson, Martin Pipe decided to give the gelding a long break before the Cheltenham Festival.
Martin Pipe said "Granville was an absolute star... he will be sorely missed and we shall all remember our friend with great affection".
In 2012 further enhancements were made to the organ, including the addition of the Trumpets Royal stop and the installation of a new sound box and further pipe ranks for the choir division.
The 20 Pipe Well () is a water well in the Rhineland-Palatinate village of Altleiningen in the northeast of the Palatinate Forest.
 Jason Hughes as Warren Pipe / Joseph
Möeller pipe organ, located in the Caudill Chapel.
Apparently, Turtleheart was possibly the brother of Wolf Clan Chief Custaloga (Packanke) and perhaps the father or uncle of Captain Pipe called Konieschquanoheel and also known as Hopocan.
It is also the site of the first water elevator and the first rotating barrel pipe ride.
The loose pipe, dragged by the moving train, damaged the westbound passenger track.
Each pipe was approximately 35 feet long and 18 inches in diameter.
Because the load was not properly secured, nine sections of pipe fell from the car while in transit.
1 northward a distance of about 18 inches before the pipe fell clear of the cars.
Grant Prideco is a supplier of drill pipe and drill stem accessories.
A towing line broke, causing a loose pipe to shatter Brashear's leg, which would ultimately be amputated.
These coupons are often made from same material of the  pipe or tank/vessel which should be monitored for corrosion.
Coupon holders are used to fix corrosion coupons inside a pipe or tank and attaches itself to a solid plug or hollow plug.
With the wife apparently gone, Mutt comes out of a bedroom window, and climbs down a pipe on a wall where Jeff is waiting.
Mutt attempts to climb up the pipe but his intoxication makes it very difficult, prompting him to just use the door.
Schelte a Bolswert (1586–1659), 3 works : As the Old Sang, So Pipe the Young, Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam (url)
Julius Schnorr Von Carolsfeld (1794–1872), 3 works: Seated Boy Playing a Pipe, Kunsthalle, Hamburg (url)
The pipe tomahawk represents that the Shawnees had adopted Boone.
EVE is a form of heat exchanger that is installed on the exhaust pipe.
In recent years, the modernization of the Russian pipe industry had invested about $8 billion, started production of new products, improved quality.
In recent years, approximately $8 billion has been invested in the modernization of Russian pipe manufacture, making it possible to produce new products and improve quality.
Wells provide groundwater for large irrigation circles and pipe irrigation systems in the valley.
In 1883, with his friend James Greenstreet, he founded the Pipe Roll Society, of which he was director-in-chief, and honorary treasurer for the rest of his life.
The mechanic finds fault with the diesel pipe of the jeep.
While the driver returns with a newly bought diesel pipe, the mechanic refuses to repair the jeep, and asks for the person who came in the two wheeler.
He was central in creating Feathered Pipe Ranch, working with Jermaine "Jerry" Duncan and India Supera.
There is an early 20th century pipe organ.
Water from the  tall dam is sent down  of headrace pipe before it reaches  of penstock.
Pre-cast concrete pipe is also an excellent liner, particularly if it has tongue-in-groove joints and a smooth exterior, since it can be used as a crib as the well is deepened.
The dam diverts water through over  of headrace pipe and penstock to the power station downstream.
Unlike in blown film, pipe, and sheet extrusion, the dies used in profile extrusion are rarely round or completely flat.
Of a performance in Binghamton, New York on February 18, 1979, the Binghamton University newspaper Pipe Dream noted that "'Low Budget' became an audience effort when Davies ceded his microphone to members of the front row during the chorus."
The Japanese had a similar arrow called a "Kudaya" ("管矢"), that was loosed through a pipe.
By comparing Pyeonjeon with Shinmei husinyuminosyo, we figured out that the difference of Pyeonjeon and Shinmei husinyuminosyo lies in the direction of fletchings, when the arrow is put into a pipe and strung by the bowstring.
A discharge pipe led from the low-pressure cylinder to a special part of the left water tank, in which the steam was condensed.
In addition to these, company advertising showed other labels, including Circuit West, Cafe Crowd, L.A. Station, Pipe Line, Tail Feathers, and Union Jack.
In 1967 house of culture, office of Sosnovskiy sovkhoz (state farm; see below) and lunchroom were built; water pipe was constructed in the houses near the railway station.
The fire was caused by a smoker's pipe left alight inside a raincoat pocket when work had just commenced.
 energy supply, e. g. test of rotor blades of wind power plants, riser pipe
From the outset, the obverse of the coin depicts the pipe organ in the Vienna Musikverein's Golden Hall.
An imposing ventilation pipe over 6 meters in height – also of cast iron, mounted on a substantial black painted metal plinth.
17 March 2011 – 5 to 7 Jewish men, using a metal pipe and tear gas, assaulted two Palestinian labourers renovating a house on the edge of the settlement of Shiloh.
In 2009 it was replaced with a similar-sized pipe organ from a disused church in Bradford.
 6 September – George Ashdown Audsley, architect, artist, illustrator, writer, decorator and pipe organ designer (died 1925 in the United States)
There he worked at the Nelson Brick and Pipe Company, where he learned the technique of salt glazing.
The two-manual pipe organ was made by Henry Ainscough of Preston in 1870, and repaired by the same company in 1954; its case is decorated with putti.
 Cover: caricature of a male college student smoking a pipe with bulldog; illustrated by L.S.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1874, possibly by Ainscough of Preston, and was renovated in 1912 by R. G. Phillips of Preston.
2 is an album by John Zorn, consisting of a live improvisation on the Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul's Chapel at Columbia University, which was recorded on September 23, 2013 and released on Tzadik Records in January 2014.
 "Never Let You Down", a song by The Verve Pipe from Underneath
 Cover: caricature of a male college student smoking a pipe with bulldog; "Rah-rah boy" was a reference to a college male.
The exposed pipe systems are still present and functioning.
Going back to an 1888 address, Bray  at the time he was superintendent of the Riverside Ironworks in Wheeling, West Virginia (which became the Riverside works of the National Tube Company,  was seen as a leading industrial expert and pioneer in the production of steel pipe.
On 10 March 2017, Avery released a solo album entitled Ripe Dreams, Pipe Dreams.
Vendor Culture stated that Ripe Dreams, Pipe Dreams is "an album that's searingly candid but a gritty, cinematic dream nonetheless."
The Dominicans transferred the pipe organ from Hong Kong to the Sto.
The restoration involved repositioning of the pipe organs from the edges to slightly forward, reconstruction and modernization of the organ console from scratch, and most likely a reworked wind pump system.
the buildings were adapted to the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company works in 1868, and then taken over by Humes Pipe in about 1911.
 PJSC Pipe Metallurgical Company (ПАО «Трубная металлургическая компания»)
After what seemed like an eternity he saw it again "obviously a tiny flame from an exhaust pipe .. about half a mile in front of me and slightly below".
The Pipe Rolls of 1190 show 8 pounds and 13 pence of oblations due the king's court were pardoned for the lands of John Devereux in Herefordshire.
The half mark was recorded as paid on the Pipe Roll for Michaelmas 1223.
  Justin Pipe (Third round)
Water is released into the Dulzura Conduit via an outlet tower and a  diameter pipe with a capacity of .
In fluid dynamics, the entrance length is the distance a flow travels after entering a pipe before the flow becomes fully developed.
Due to viscous forces within the fluid, the layer in contact with the pipe surface resists the motion of adjacent layers and slows adjacent layers of fluid down gradually, forming a velocity profile.
It divides the flow in pipe into two regions:
The length of the hydrodynamic entry region along the pipe is called the hydrodynamic entry length.
In most practical engineering applications, this entrance effect becomes insignificant beyond a pipe length of 10 times the diameter and hence it is approximated to be:
The shape of the fully developed temperature profile is determined by temperature and heat flux conditions along the inside wall of the pipe, as well as fluid properties.
For turbulent flows, thermal entrance length may be approximated solely based on pipe diameter.
Constant heat flux may be caused by joule heating from a heat source, like heat tape, wrapped around the pipe.
The entrance region will have different velocity, temperature, and other profiles than exist in the fully developed region of the pipe.
It is a pipe of 25-30cm in length with 5-7 keys.
The plan called for converting hot water to steam to be sent to Boston, possibly by a pipe.
Myers, the executive director of the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame and Museum, said the bid was "a dream, but it's not a pipe dream.
La Shelle suffered two accidents early in May 1905 while at his summer residence in Bellport, Long Island—a badly cut foot from a lawn mower and serious burns to his face while attempting to repair a hot water pipe.
The new facility provided workspace of  under one roof, improving workflow; additionally, the property was large enough to provide a storage site for new clients in the oil pipe industry.
 First-in-first-out queues, an asynchronous pipe between enqueuing and dequeuing programs.
After studying industrial design he conducted audio-experiments using pipe organs, harmoniums and multiple tape machine environments as well as engaging mainly in drawing.
The version of AMD Eyefinity (aka DCE, display controller engine) introduced with Excavator-based Carrizo APUs features a Video underlay pipe.
Pipe Pieces                                                     Descant Recorder                                          Forsyth 1996
Wright had planned to complete the monument in time for a Fourth of July dedication to coincide with a city street carnival, but delays from removing nearby trees, widening Main Street, and connecting city water pipe forced Wright to delay completion of the monument.
  Justin Pipe (First round)
Mutares acquired the steel pipe business of the international Aperam Group in April 2017 and returned the traditional name of La Meusienne to the Company.
The current pipe organ, built by Roberts Ltd of Melbourne and Adelaide, has been in this church since 1923.
By 1972, after integrating the steel pipe operations, all Borusan companies were brought together under Borusan Holding.
Borusan has a factory in Italy with a production capacity of 32,000 tons per year of cold drawn pipe.
She tells Forgeat to unfasten her handcuffs and handcuff himself to a pipe.
The dad from Don't Look Now who would often have a pipe in his mouth which he would sometimes smoke, was very clean- cut and thin and wore a navy blue dress suit with a white shirt and tie, unlike the dad on YCDTOTV who was very slovenly, overweight, and wore a white shirt with stains.
All ash that is not immediately requested by clients, is transported by a 4.5 km-long closed pipe conveyor belt to the ash lagoon, where ash stacks are levelled and compressed, preventing dry ash from flying away.
"Autumn '68", named in reference to the 1970 Pink Floyd song "Summer '68", features a recording of Wright playing the Royal Albert Hall pipe organ during the rehearsal for Pink Floyd's show at Royal Albert Hall on 26 June 1969.
The only power station in the Strip was damaged on 29 July, and the infrastructure of power transmission lines and sewage pumps was severely damaged, with a major sewage pipe catering to 500,000 badly damaged.
To Rob's horror, Tina survives the fall, but when she threatens to go to the police, Rob beats her with a metal pipe and she dies in hospital the following week.
The painting depicts May, a tattooed black-haired woman, smoking a pipe.
He is remembered for his practical, mathematical methodology to study water hammer in hydraulic pipe systems which he also showed to be useful in the study of electromagnetic voltage/current surges in electricity systems.
Waiapu Cathedral hosts a choir, and one of the finest pipe organs in New Zealand, which has recently undergone a complete restoration.
The American Pipe Dream Collection is a response to these crimes.
Van Duijvenbode made his debut at the European Championship, but was knocked out 2–6 by Justin Pipe in the first round.
 A fitting either molded separately or formed from pipe for the purpose of accommodating a directional change.
 Velocity of fluid (often stated in feet/second) required to force air out of any pipe in a ground loop heat exchanger, generally accepted minimum is 2 feet/sec.
Connected to the runout pipe pairs are 2 or more GHX circuits that are installed in vertical boreholes, horizontal trenches or submerged in bodies of water.
The pipe can be buried in excavated trenches 4' to 10' (1.3 to 3 m) deep, inserted into horizontal or vertical boreholes, or laid in the bottom of a pond, lake or the ocean.
A heat transfer fluid, usually water or water mixed with antifreeze (propylene glycol, ethanol or methanol), is circulated through this pipe, warming or cooling to the temperature of the earth or rock around it.
 A manifold that joins parallel loops to a common header pipe
 The resistance to heat flow resulting from soil thermal properties and underground pipe placement.
Heated water is circulated through the pipe.
A tremie line will commonly be made of I-inch or I-IL-inch diameter HDPE pipe.
In the chapel is a historic pipe organ.
The ride was announced as a part of the additions for the 2014 season at Cedar Point, along with the addition of Pipe Scream and Lake Erie Eagles, and a renovated Gemini Midway.
On June 8, 1915, a steam pipe broke on Rainbow, and the vessel lost power.
He also found the adreno pipe but Amanda tells him that adreno does not cause hallucinations.
A LDR can be seven times lighter than conventional heat pipe radiators of similar size.
Strand installation and stressing shall be carried out after installation of HDPE stay pipe.
In northern Canada and arctic Alaska, passive pipe systems are used that do not require any external power to keep the ground frozen.
The simplest example of a pipe is the product  of the circle  and the long closed ray , which is an increasing union of ω1 copies of the half-open interval , pasted together with the lexicographic ordering.
On 9 February 1957, a freight train ran away due to a broken steam brake pipe in the cab of the locomotive hauling it.
The stiffening girder is designed as a PC box using reinforced concrete of grade 40MPa; It is 3.3m deep and almost 24m wide, and incorporates steel struts and FRP pipe struts filled with concrete in the internal and external box respectively, to resist the local tensile stress.
With Adriano de Souza winning the other semifinal later and capturing the 2015 World Title (due to Fanning's loss to Medina), the stage was set for a first time ever all Brazilian final at the Pipe Masters.
The northbound N Broadway Local train is delayed; there is at least one disconnected pipe and gas lines are being repaired by National Grid workers, and the police have cordoned off the area.
It started Commercial Production on 1 March 2017 at their new steel pipe plant with an investment of 70cr at Hindupur Industrial area, Dist anantapur, which is 100 km away from Bangalore.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the underground power station down near the lower reservoir through a  long headrace/penstock pipe.
On May 24, 1990, a pipe bomb placed underneath traveling eco-activist Judi Bari's car seat exploded, tearing through her backside and nearly killing her.
The pipe then follows the eastern side of Spencer Gulf to Port Augusta and after rounding the head of the gulf continues southward to Whyalla, again passing through arid country.
These bridges had been undermined and swept away, carrying the pipe with them.
San Francisco-based Western Pipe and Steel Company ends operations
These hours are marked by the tolling of the bell of the temple amidst music with nadaswaram (a pipe instrument) and thavil (a percussion instrument).
The church has three manual pipe organ dating from 1886 by Forster and Andrews.
The pump station was kept active and pipe was laid throughout the town for potable water supply.
According to Kaohsiung's top environment official, though, 3.77 metric tons of gas had leaked already between 20:00 and 21:00, and the pipe system was only shut down at 23:40 - just 16 minutes before the explosion.
Corma is active in corrugated plastic pipe manufacturing and infrastructure projects in the developing world, particularly in established and emerging markets worldwide.
Over the years Corma received patents for mold block technologies, Internal pipe cooling, inline coupling, and many other quality enhancing technologies.
In 2012, the AQA perla water softening system was voted 'Best Product of the Year 2013', and the E1 Single Lever filter (a drinking water filter that prevents foreign particles and contaminants from entering the domestic system through the pipe network and damaging the installations) received the same accolade in 2013.
The three-manual pipe organ was built in 1928 by Harrison and Harrison.
Harry Auch and John Hallas, of the Haskell Company, went to Erie, Pennsylvania, in 1920 to join Anton Gottfried, Henry Kugel, and Kugel's son Harry Kugel in the formation of a metal organ pipe manufacturer called National Organ Supply.
The first pipe organ was built in 1885 by E. Franklin Lloyd of Liverpool.
Officers had responded to reports of Johnson beating two dogs with a metal pipe.
Clay Pipe of Record Collector wrote that "while navigating the stylistic gamut from pop-reggae to piano études, by way of uke strums and jelly-like slide guitar, Hayman forsakes ambient drift for recurring tunefulness, thus providing some continuity with his song-based work."
The pipe organ was installed in the church in 1919 as a war memorial.
Dragon Jacket, a manufacturer of a patented, reusable pipe insulation product; and 6. an affordable housing subsidiary that invests in local, affordable housing communities.
After putting a F37 flange onto a seamless hydraulic tube or pipe, the tube end will be flared to 37°, what also explains the name of this technology.
An insert made of carbon or stainless steel will be placed into the flared pipe end.
For the Retaining Ring connection, a groove will be machined onto the pipe end to hold the retaining ring.
The retaining ring has to be widened for getting it on the pipe end to snap into the before machined groove.
On one side, the pipe seal carrier has a centering aid to improve assembly.
The special inside contour of the retaining ring flange covers the retaining ring, which is installed onto the machined pipe end.
Depending on pipe and flange size, the F37 system is approved for pressure ratings up to 420 bar (6000 psi, respectively 42 MPa).
 Parflange F37 for pipe and tube connections, catalog 4162-4 (edition 03/2013), Parker Hannifin Corporation
The combustion chamber is fed through a control valve and an inlet pipe by compressed air from a rotary vane pump aside in the fuselage, which extracts ambient air and moderately compresses it into a storage tank.
He holds a long clay pipe in his left hand.
Painter and ice skater Julius Seyler (1873–1955) lived in Montana and depicted Blackfeet (Three Bear, Eagle Calf, Bear Pipe Man, etc.)
| class="label" | Meare || class="category" | Duck decoy ||   || || A six pipe duck decoy from which a rectangular pool area can be seen.
Some early electric lighting installations made use of existing gas pipe serving gas light fixtures which had been converted to electric lamps.
The poles are regarded as doorposts, and are marked by lechis (singular: lechi), solid objects such as lengths of twine or of plastic pipe, which run from near the ground to just below the wires.
While the lake outlets Stove Pipe Gulch and L. Bezeau empties into the river Brador.
Among the instruments Crofut owned was a harpsichord he built from a kit by Hubbard Harpsichords, and a pipe organ he built himself.
William McWilliams Wilson, lately Turner, Wilson Pipe Fittings Ltd., Irvine, Ayrshire.
A specification  can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The fuselage structure and design of the engine’s exhaust pipe reduce its noise, heat, and radar signatures, including an appropriate flight profile.
In May 2001 he played on "Western New York's mightiest Wurlitzer theater pipe organ" in Buffalo.
The previous church has a four-manual pipe organ of 1840 by Samuel Renn.
Hundreds of feet of PVC pipe carried the faint recordings of "Love" by John Lennon and "How Deep Is Your Love" by the Bee Gees, throughout the museum.
The pipe line ends in a sound amplifying funnel which a viewer could insert his head and look into a mirror.
In 1955/1956  - under consultation by Alfred Hoppe - renovated Himmelpforten's organ, including many changes to case, action, pipe work and console.
At the end of the funnel is the inlet for the screw conveyor or the extraction pipe.
The three-manual pipe organ was built by William Hill & Sons in 1894, and was rebuilt in 1988 and again in 2003 by George Sixsmith & Company.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1875 by Ainscough of Preston.
His experiments showed the toxic agent to be carbon monoxide, resulting alike from cigarette, pipe, or cigar.
Groups of enthusiasts collaborated to dig through the roof of the level from above the original entrance, and installed a large concrete pipe with a lockable manhole cover.
Nymphs and shepherds, pipe and play,
He played mostly 19th- and 20th-century music for the pipe organ.
Diondra follows after the body to find the cube, the AI system locks the door behind her, and floods the pipe with sewage.
Currently, the pipe organs are played in concerts organized by the Palace of Mafra and the Municipality of Mafra.
Williams was the Chief Pipe Organist at St. Andrew's Church, Cubbon Road, Bangalore, Head of the Music Department at Baldwin Boys High School, Bangalore and on the board for performing arts at various old schools in Bangalore until his sudden demise in 1995.
The ndzumara is a double-reed pipe, or primitive oboe (), played in Comorian music.
 S. thurberi ("Organ Pipe Cactus", "Pitayo Dulce") and S. treleasi ("Tunillo")
The drainage pipe connects to the municipality's existing storm drain system, allowing excess water to flow out, preventing overflow.
The pipe organ is a Harrison & Harrison instrument of the Thomas Harrison period (1892).
It has a center arch opening and an iron pipe railing.
The facade is simply designed with its upper half hidden by an extended choir loft which houses an 1824 pipe organ.
Once the site of the most prolific clay tobacco pipe makers in Britain, exporting worldwide, the works were abandoned in the 1950s.
The church also has a separate cantilevered organ loft, hosting a large pipe organ believed to be connected with Father Diego Cera, maker of the Las Piñas Bamboo organ.
He had been a pipe smoker for 50 years.
Generally machined from a forging, these flanges are typically butt welded to a pipe.
A sompoton consists of eight pieces of bamboo pipe inserted into a dried gourd sealed with bees' wax, which serves as a wind chamber.
The two-manual pipe organ was built by Ainscough of Preston in about 1910.
On their return, he raised CAN$1 million to build a modern brick, tile and sewer pipe factory that used high-quality clay from the north edge of his property.
It is not clear whether this is the same as the undated instrument by Cumming and Snetzler at Lowther Castle, Cumbria, which is documented on the National Pipe Organ Register as having seven barrels.
They fortify the church by hacking apart the pews and the church's pipe organ to board up the doors and windows and build outer defenses to provide protection for Michonne (Danai Gurira), Carl Grimes (Chandler Riggs), Father Gabriel (Seth Gilliam), and Judith.
This new location would appear to closely correspond with the preferred site indicated by the Toowoomba Thistle Pipe Band in 1959.
She is known for her actions in 1822 when she is alleged to have defended the settlement Cape Mesurado with a cannon she lit from her pipe.
The Organ is a quarterly magazine about the world of the pipe organ.
The main hall houses a large pipe organ and contains a stage with decorative pressed metal proscenium supported on v jointed tongue and groove walls.
Although the Cathedral benefited during this period from the generous donations of parishioners and local societies, which included furnishings, a new pipe organ and a new bell, the grand building works had left a debt of £8500 by December 1937.
The east wall has a pointed arch recess behind a large pipe organ, which has a curved timber screen at the front of the organist's seat, which is flanked by pointed arch doorways to the vestry.
The contributing buildings include three residences, the Memorial Methodist Church (1951), the Standard Chair Company Building (c. 1926), the Gray Concrete Pipe Company Machine Shop (c. 1923, c. 1935, c. 1957), and the Carolina and Yadkin Valley Railroad Depot (1913).
A fuel pipe line was built, it started at Martigues and utilising storage tanks in the La Mede refinery.
Six teams, each laying over  of  pipe a day.
in order to avoid the need for a third hole and drain pipe for the anal cleansing water.
 Urine may accumulate in the urine diversion section of the toilet due to blockages in the urine pipe.
More awareness is required by the UDDT user to use it properly (for instance, not urinating into feces compartment and reacting appropriately when the urine vessel is full, when there are problems with the urine soak pit, when the urine pipe is blocked or when the feces vaults or container(s) are full).
The most frequent type of system used when the television is to be lifted vertically consists of a multipiece telescopic pipe which is driven by the interior spindle and electric motor.
The pipe is positioned in an upright and central position in the vast majority of cases and is fitted with a standing foot which ensures that the object installed is stable and secure.
A pipe of sufficient length could be tapered, and stuffed so that the energy loss was almost complete, minimizing output from the open end.
The band won the North American Pipe Band Championship in grade 2 at the Glengarry Highland Games in 2013 and 2014.
The church has two manual pipe organ dating from 1869 by Forster and Andrews.
Piping can be isolated with a spool of pipe made of plastic materials, or made of metal material internally coated or lined.
At The Irish Times, Donald Clarke wrote that "Hans Zimmer slumps on the biggest pipe organ in town".
Pipe organ: Roger Sayer
Although many of Henry's royal charters have been identified, their interpretation, the financial information in the pipe rolls and broad economic data from his reign has proven more challenging than once thought.
The jib is operated manually by a locomotive fireman standing on the tender tank, swinging the jib to a position 90 degrees from the face of the tank and controlling the flow of water from the jib via a valve and float system actuated on the filling pipe.
Located among the gardens below the residences, a wide winding waterway, lined with sections of large rock and stone retaining walls, empties to a large circular concrete pipe, continuing underneath the track.
A venting pipe projects from the roof.
Milos orders his agents to abduct Fitch and strap a pipe bomb on him, intending to kill him.
SMP bank also became a leading large-diameter gas pipe supplier.
The fence is wire mesh on a pipe frame sitting on a concrete upstand with gates located under arched trellises.
Around each of the inlets is a rock channel and wings to guide the water into the mouth of the pipe and these have been individually designed for the particular site.
A services pipe (Easement A on RP150196) is exposed in the south-west of the lot adjoining the bowls club, and runs underground diagonally across the lot to the north-east towards Canungra Creek.
A large metal pipe connects the tank to water facilities on the ground, and there is a walkway with railing around the tank.
(Slatz) Latimer, chairman, Magnolia Petroleum and Magnolia Pipe Line Company
November 29, 2015 - An operator at the Delaware City Refining Company's (DCRC) Kellogg Alkylation Unit suffered second degree burns to his face and neck areas while performing de-inventorying activities on a vessel in preparation for the removal of a pipe spool from a connected process.
February 2, 1975 - A ruptured pipe connection on a gas well, near Denver City, released hydrogen sulfide (H2S).
January 14, 2005 - A pipe at the Silver Eagle Refinery in Woods Cross failed, expelling hydrogen and diesel fuel, that caused 30- to 40-foot flames.
West Midlands Fire Service also supports a pipe band which plays alongside the band at events such as the International Firefighters Service of Thanksgiving.
Shield was a drummer in the Cadet Pipe Band at Harrow County School, where he met Roger Glover.
They fight and the Professor starts calling other infected, until Morgan impales him on a pipe.
In 1902 a pipe organ was installed, to which an electric blower was added in 1925.
A large pipe organ dominates the eastern wall.
Others point out that the leg as "lying at the edge of a hole about two and a half by four feet that had burned into the basement" and that Bentley was a pipe smoker who had previously been burned from dropping matches, or hot ashes, onto his clothes.
In two fluid models, the pipe geometry is taken into consideration through wetted perimeters by the gas and liquid phases, including the gas-liquid interface.
D is the pipe diameter and A is the cross section area.
Resuming music studies, he earned a Bachelor of Music in pipe organ performance in 1949 and Master of Music in choral performance in 1950.
The unbalanced coal/air flow in the pipe systems of coal fired power plants leads to non-uniform combustion in the furnace, and hence an overall lower efficiency of the boiler.
A loft and restored pipe organ, which were donated from a neighbouring church, were installed at the western end of the chapel in 1971.
Reception for Pipe Dreams was generally positive.
Eventually, by bending the door and kicking the pipe, the officers were able to open the door.
That organ was sold and was replaced in 1976 with a 3/10 Mighty Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ.
 ASTM B 483: Standard Specification for Aluminium and Aluminium-Alloy Drawn Tube and Pipe for General Purpose Applications
The southern portions of both transepts are integrated with the body of the church and contain pews, and a pipe organ is located in the eastern transept.
It shows precious objects to refer to ideas of vanities and hollowness: the fallen rummer, the silver candle holder, tazza and Westerwald jug are all empty, the lighted cigar is about to go out, the pipe is finished and there is no further life in the shell.
John Longden, as Man With Pipe
The balcony features stepped stairs for choir members and a large pipe organ.
A further 300 meter of water pipe will be constructed to a water treatment plant.
Traditional ballads, songs and pipe music by one of Scotland's great singing families  Topic Records 12T138 (LP, UK, 1965)The Travelling Stewarts The Stewart Family and other Traveller Families Topic Records 12T179 (LP, UK, 1968)
The pipe organ was built and installed by W. B. D. Simmons, a Boston firm, in 1857 and was restored in 1987.
However, she manages to get a hold of a pipe iron and uses it to knock out one of the kidnappers, and steals his keys and gun.
Officially, he was given the title secondary valet and official pipe cleaner to the king, in reality he was a favorite just as the Armenian Ohan Demirgian, and their presence at court was seen as scandalous.
The theater was completed in 1925 and originally housed a Wurlitzer pipe organ and vaudeville stage.
It is revealed through flashback that Rachel killed Brian with a lead pipe when he tried to go on the run leaving her behind.
Its contents include a three-manual pipe organ.
Maryland Route 641 was the designation for Simpson Mill Road and Keymar Road from MD 75 in Johnsville north to the Frederick–Carroll county line at Little Pipe Creek in eastern Frederick County.
The rectangular site has a long frontage to Dudley Street to the south, with a wide, gated entrance through the galvanised pipe and chain wire fence.
Footprint Pipe Wrench: This tool was developed in 1880 to aid removing the old style grinding wheels that were commonly used in Sheffield, it was adopted by tradesmen as a result of its ability to move difficult nuts.
The tun was subsequently defined down 4 gallons to 252 and the quarter was effectively ¼ pipe or butt.
The music collection is released under the label "Musik aus der Zentralbibliothek Zürich", as well as  "Mittagsmusik im Predigerchor" for the Predigerkirche pipe organ concert series recordings.
He won six successive legs from 2–1 down in sets against world number 17 Justin Pipe to beat him 3–2.
From this basin the water then flowed into the pipe of the aqueduct.
Also of significance is the rich aesthetic quality of its crafted elements, in particular, the stained glass windows, the timber carvings to the organ loft balustrade, music stand, and to the pipe organ, the Oamaru stone altar, the marble altars and altar enclosure, and church furniture including the cedar pews, baptismal font and holy water stand.
But the damaged brake pipe forced guys to throttle down.
All trains use IGBT controls and use passive cooling with a heat pipe.
The instrumental tracks are by Kwesi Graves (Although credited as Michael Graves on Magnet) including pipe organ and string sections and sometimes they push envelope with percussion beats.
Each has a round pipe opening on top of one end, and a modern metal cover with a hatch at the other end.
Horace B. Carpenter as Oliver Pipe
Within, we find the Sergeant, a pipe in his mouth, pacing the floor and occasionally spitting tobacco at a coal stove.
Pipe Major Leslie Vivian Norman de Laspée, London Scottish.
The company manufactures a range of pipe tobaccos, rolling tobaccos and smokeless tobaccos in their factory in Svendborg.
The company's most popular line of tobaccos is currently its Mixture line of pipe tobaccos, introduced in 1958.
In 2010, Mac Baren introduced 7 Seas, a line of American-style aromatic pipe tobaccos broadly similar to, and intended to compete with, STG's Captain Black.
At the end of the sewer pipe, the two find a ship in which Brannis had stored all of Stark's inventions.
One Palestinian was shot in the foot, another in the shoulder after the two threw a pipe bomb at the District Coordination Office in Beit Jala.
Growing up, her family was involved in the pottery industry: her uncles owned the Amalgamated Brick and Pipe Company, while her brothers established a brickworks in 1902 at New Lynn - with guidance from Gardner, they later expanded into domesticware and became known as Crown Lynn.
In the second Guardroom Scene attributed to Abraham Teniers the guardroom is dominated by the jumble of disjointed metal armours, breast plates, a drum, weaponry and helmets in the foreground while the peasant soldiers smoking a pipe or drinking in front of a fireplace are kept in the shadows in the background of the picture.
Edwards' fingerprints were found on PVC pipe and duct tape recovered from the box.
Lander's work plays on René Magritte's famous painting Ceci n'est pas une pipe with a woven kete (flax basket) placed on top of a plinth with the words 'This is not a kete' inscribed on it.
Winnett was connected by rail, and became the supply depot for mining activities, with the Midwest Refining Company pumping oil through a  pipe to the railhead there, and shipped by rail to refineries in Wyoming.
Due to his efforts, over thirty manufacturing plants located to North Birmingham, including the American Cast Iron Pipe Company and American Radiator Company.
An iron roughneck is a piece of hydraulic machinery used to "handle" (connect and disconnect) segments of pipe in a modern drilling rig.
Using the flashlight, they finally find the tobacco pipe.
Princeton Blue Mountain collectionLe Fumeur, titled Man with Pipe and dated c. 1912, forms part of the permanent collection of the Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (gift of G. David Thompson, 1953).
In his review of an exhibition at Galerie Der Sturm during the month of July, 1914, Guillaume Apollinaire writes of Metzinger’s Man with Pipe as a portrait of himself:
The pipe was a common theme in the poems of Stéphane Mallarmé and was used as a sexual device by several Cubists because of its phallic symbolism.
The later Man with Pipe [Le Fumeur] would seem to resemble Apollinaire more closely, yet it is obviously the same sitter as Portrait of Max Jacob".
Figures were often treated frontally and shown sitting behind a table like the café patron in Man with Pipe.
Tuthill regains consciousness and fights Remy, but Remy pins him to the ground and chokes him with a pipe.
The original penstock, installed to pipe water into Bissorte 1, was a novelty at the time of its construction thanks to its stiffener rings, metal bands that provide reinforcement against the high tensile pressure of the water.
Balustrading elsewhere consists of painted square sectioned steel posts attached to the outside face of the building which support steel pipe handrails.
The Chicago Board of Censors required a cut of two opium den scenes, the preparing of an opium pipe, and two scenes of a party slumming in the opium den.
Rushworth and Dreaper was a company based in Liverpool, England, that built, renovated and restored pipe organs.
In the beginning, the primary focus of the main production were pipe bowls, mugs, egg cups, figurines of bathing children, and other little export goods but, in 1901, it was changed to knick-knacks, animals and gift items.
The two-manual pipe organ was built by Gray and Davidson in 1855, and has been awarded a Historic Organ Certificate.
More than  of pressure pipe were installed across the chamber, out through the tunnel, and down to the bottom of the valley where a hydro-electric power-plant was built.
The task of restoration of the pipe organ was done by M/s Middle Organ Company, UK, who restored the organ in record time and also added some more features to the organ.
 1981 May Pipe Organ centenary celebrated 
Boake ran the studio for many years before was burnt to death in February 1921, after falling asleep while smoking a pipe.
Also a stone wall with Glasgow- founded iron railings and entrance gates, a pipe organ manufactured by William Hill & Sons, London , and prophet lights donated in 1878 by former Queensland Premier Sir Thomas McIlwraith, were removed to the new site.
The venue also took possession of a newly restored pipe organ, designed and built by John Compton, which had been removed from the Lyric Cinema in Wellingborough in Northamptonshire when it changed ownership in the late 1960s and had instead been installed at Weavers Road School in Wellingborough.
Abi drinks a lot of water through a plastic pipe, but Rabi's stomach grows big.
Between 1945 and 1973, the workshop built over 120 pipe organs.
A specification of the current organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Prior to the end of the 1951 season, and shortly after accepting an invitation to play in the East–West Shrine Game, Liotta committed suicide by hanging himself with telephone wire from a pipe in the basement of his dormitory.
Windy donated the headdress and peace pipe, and released new artwork for Herojuana.
Kœnig is specifically renowned for being the first contemporary organ builder to have performed in 1967 the recreation of a pipe organ, complying with the precepts found in 1778 book L'Art du facteur d'orgues by Dom Bédos.
In November 2018, two attackers detonated a pipe bomb at La Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires.
A furious Selva gets the indication and breaks a pipe, which results in several wires getting opened and killing John's men, who too were present along with him.
For industrial gases it is possible to purchase manifolds made of Stainless steel pipe or copper and brass although both these materials are giving way to Stainless steel tubing.
(including building a water pipe factory) The project was moved to Ernakulam in 1961, now focusing on fisheries only.
The TEE formed a pipe band in 1902, but it was not successful.
The wall's course through the site in medieval times was marked up to the 20th century by Pipe Lane.
The Stuart Highlanders is a pipe band based in Massachusetts, competing in Grade 5 which formerly also had a Grade 1 band.
The stream is the namesake of the community Pipe Creek, located near the intersection of SH 16 and FM 1283.
The Alexandra Pipe Band marched across the bridge as part of the opening celebrations on 1 June 1882, and also to mark the official closing on the same day that the new bridge opened on 5 July 1958.
Dahl has been an advocate for new and historic mechanical action pipe organs.
Since the organ had never been converted to Baroque style the casing, the pipe material and the technical premises are still completely original.
James Troy was pipe major of a youth band under Ian Duncan of Victoria, until he turned sixteen and aged out.
The Greater Victoria Police Pipe Band, founded in 1998 by Troy and Dave McMillan, absorbed the diminished City of Victoria band.
The church contained an organ by Conacher and Co. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
In late 1997, he moved from Ontario to Prince Edward Island, where he was an instructor at the College of Piping, and then three years later he moved to Halifax, and played with the 78th Highlanders (Halifax Citadel) Pipe Band.
It began with a procession, followed by performances by the Reading Scottish Pipe Band, and Only Boys Aloud, a boys' choir from Wales.
OptiPlant is a 3D knowledge based automation tool with 3D parametric modeling of equipment and structures, interference-free pipe router and tray router, and engineering analytics solely for Microsoft Windows Operating system.
The officer also found a marijuana pipe and marijuana inside the rented vehicle.
The first time the City of Glasgow Pipe Band entered the World Championships in 1914 it won second place.
At one point under Ferguson's leadership, the band contained six qualified Pipe majors.
After Ferguson was injured in an accident, Hamish McColl, a longstanding member of the band, took over as pipe major.
An open pipe carried the water out on to the church grounds.
The straight bars, often made of steel pipe, lower the contour of the lower space and end with large oval rings about twice hip width.
In 1652, the Count of Soure ordered the construction of subterranean pipe to feed water the city, thereby maintaining the city's defences (but also resulting in the partial loss of the aqueduct).
By January 17, 1889 Vincent had written to his brother Theo mentioning he had completed “another new self portrait.” Confusion has arisen over whether this was in reference to this work or to Self Portrait with Bandaged Ear and Pipe.
One of Satie's tasks for the Beaumont fête was to help showcase the newly restored 18th Century pipe organ the Count had installed at his Paris mansion.
Further details about the organ are published in the database of Pipe Organs, operated by the Organ Historical Society.
 Mager, R.F., & Pipe, P. (1997).
The two manual pipe organ by John Banfield was installed in 1868.
In 2009, the church acquired, with help from the Ahmanson Foundation, a very high quality pipe organ built in 1929 by Ernest M. Skinner (Opus 774).
He is the lead drummer for the Inveraray & District Pipe Band.
He played with Simon Fraser University every summer until 2008, winning the Grade 1 World Drum Corps Championship in 2004 and 2008, as well as the overall World Pipe Band Championships in 2008.
The church was equipped with a pipe organ by Edward James Bossward dating from 1867.
The church was equipped with a pipe organ by Harrison and Harrison dating from 1911.
The church had a pipe organ by Brindley and Foster.
It consists of a metal supporting structure with four legs and cross bracing, supporting a water tank with a bowl-shaped bottom, with a water pipe in the center of the structure connecting the tank to the water system.
A pipe organ is located in the gallery in the back.
Nine months after Ramsay was made pipe major, the band won the European Championships, and was placed in every major competition in 1965.
Burgess had taken over from Donald Shaw Ramsay as pipe major of Edinburgh Police in 1957.
Power was supplied by a Shenyang Aircraft Development Office PF-1A, (Chinese copy of the Klimov RD-500 itself a copy of the Rolls-Royce Derwent), centrifugal compressor turbojet fitted in the centre fuselage, exhausting through a jet pipe extending to the tail of the fuselage.
The church had a pipe organ by Elliott, later modified by Bishop & Banfield.
The Old Blood adds various weapons that were not featured in The New Order, such as a steel pipe.
The church had a pipe organ by J.C. Banfield and Son which was opened on Sunday 26 March 1843.
With his trademark tobacco pipe, Weir rose to be the central Queensland region field commissioner, akela leader, and deputy camp chief (leader trainer roles).
Johnsonia pubescens, commonly called the pipe lily, is a grass-like plant in the family Asphodelaceae, subfamily Hemerocallidoideae, endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.
Coleman and Montoliu are each at the top of their form (coming straight from a European tour), the saxophonist blowing strings of notes like soap bubbles from a pipe and Montoliu singing his Tatum-esque lines".
On April 21, 1999, Skamenca was one of the first reporters on the scene as Columbine High School was besieged by two students armed with guns and pipe bombs.
The Watt condenser is attached by a longer, narrow pipe to the cylinder.
When Alice tries to escape, she accidentally falls on a pipe, impaling her.
During Gordon and Bullock's fight with Jervis and the remaining two Deevers, Alice tries to escape from her brother and accidentally falls on a pipe, impaling her.
In 1971, at the age of 15, he joined the Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe Band, which was at the time under the leadership of Alex Duthart.
This led to the resignation of pipe major Gavin Walker and the band withdrawing from all competition for the rest of the season, including the World Championships.
In October 2015, a statement released by Shotts and Dykehead Pipe Band reported that Kilpatrick had agreed to step down and retire from his position as leading drummer, and that corps member Blair Brown would be his replacement.
Although "The Hackle" never won a World Pipe Band Championship, the band is regarded as one of the finest bands of its era.
There are extant pipe bands in Belgium, Cleveland, Wellington and Fairbanks that are also called Red Hackle.
After being attacked by a man swinging a pipe in a deputy's face, the deputies called for backup as guns appeared in windows of the houses.
Michael van Gerwen won the tournament for the second year in a row after beating Justin Pipe 6–0 in the final.
Within 10 minutes an employee noticed water spraying from an overhead pipe that had burst.
Without asking for directions, they led the guards into the basement where they were handcuffed to a steam pipe and workbench.
The family is directly related to John MacAlister who won the Prize Pipe at the Falkirk Tryst in 1782.
After racing on the flat in France in 1993, Cyborgo was sent to England to be trained by Martin Pipe at Nicholashayne near Wellington, Somerset.
According to Robin Oakley, See More Business's trainer Paul Nicholls had to be physically restrained from confronting Martin Pipe.
Pipe called Cyborgo "a brilliant horse...
Gary Lee Triano (November 6, 1943–November 1, 1996) was a millionaire real estate developer from Tucson, Arizona who was killed in Catalina Foothills by a pipe bomb explosion in his Lincoln Town Car on November 1, 1996.
Opus 121-The Little Organ Book Thirty Seven Easy Pieces For Hammond And Pipe Organs (1961) (various composers including by Hulse)
Aria For Organ With Hammond And Pipe Organ Registration (1967)
Under the leadership of then-rector Reverend Robert Trache, the sanctuary of the church was rebuilt and rededicated in 1997, and now includes C. B. Fisk's Opus 112, one of the finest pipe organs in North America.
The church contained an organ by Harris Organ Ltd. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
As a result, Filcher is banished from working in the stables due to his carelessness in leaving his pipe, making it catch fire on some straw and burning the barn roof down.
The church is equipped with a pipe organ by Nicholson dating from 1955.
The church had a pipe organ by F.H.
The church had a pipe organ by J.W.
The Flemish carillon, pipe organ, and the church's records were all destroyed.
In Kosamkheda village all houses are connected with water pipe lines.
The church had a pipe organ by William Hill and Son dating from 1913.
There is also one pipe with a diameter of .
The church had a pipe organ by Brindley and Foster dating from 1868.
The church had a pipe organ probably by Brindley and Foster dating from the 1870s.
The Nethercutt Collection's Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ is the largest theatre organ in the Western U.S. and third largest in the world.
Doctors at the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital have raised alarm over the increasing numbers of children of poor parents mostly from remote communities who have to feed through a tube connected through the stomach, until they are able to afford the cost of  undergoing a medical surgery to repair the damaged food pipe.
December 2005, unknown activists in Kropyvnytskyi handed around leaflets with the words "Remember about the gas", "Do not buy Russian goods" and the image of Gas pipe at the height of the Gas conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Despite his hard work being eased by human invention, George was seen smoking his pipe.
An organ chamber was constructed in 1880, and a pipe organ by Alfred Kirkland was installed in 1905.
At the same year, the pipe organ costing seventy-two thousand pesos was acquired and installed by Rev.
The church contains a pipe organ by Abbott.
The church contains a pipe organ by Wadsworth.
In 2001, Baxter teamed with schoolmate and Australian technology entrepreneur Bevan Slattery to launch his second start-up, PIPE Networks.
Baxter remained a non-executive director of PIPE Networks until it was later sold to TPG in April 2010.
The church contains a pipe organ by Brindley and Foster dating from 1879.
The church contains a pipe organ by the Positive Organ Company.
In 1886, the parish priest of Cagayan de Oro, Father Ramon Zueco, bought a pipe organ from Manila.
The MoneyMaker Max can pressurize water to a total height of 50 feet, pushing it through a hose pipe as far as 200 m, and can irrigate as much as two acres of land.
Mitchel took on much greater significance in the US, due to its citation by Taft J in Addyston Pipe & Steel Co. v. United States, which was affirmed in 1899 by the Supreme Court for the so called "rule of reason" test.
The church contains a pipe organ by Bevington and Sons dating from the 1860s, subsequently modified by Kingsgate Davidson and Co in 1956 and Nicholson & Co (Worcester) Ltd in 1981.
The church contains a pipe organ by J.H.
The church contains a pipe organ by Brindley & Foster.
The church contains a pipe organ by J.W.
The bark pipe (zieves lamzdelis) is made in the springtime of a willow, aspen or pine sprout.
The church contains a pipe organ by Albert Keates of Sheffield dating from 1936.
The church contains a pipe organ by Brindley & Foster dating from 1883.
The church contains a pipe organ by Brindley and Foster.
The church contains a pipe organ by James Jepson Binns which was formerly in Wadsley Bridge Methodist Church, Sheffield, and was moved here in 1981 by Gilbert Sellers.
The church contains a pipe organ by Albert Keates of Sheffield.
The church contains a pipe organ by Abbott and Smith dating from 1873.
To help show how mischievous and messy boyhood was, The Miriam and Ira D. Wallach Division of Art, Prints and Photographs shows a picture of a young boy smoking a pipe, sawing furniture, climbing all over the place, and sleeping.
Radiator is provided with by-pass pipe leading from top to bottom tank to counteract water pile-up in the top tank when pump is at full speed.
The church currently contains a pipe organ by Bates which was installed in Holy Trinity Church, Derby around 1850, and moved to All Saints in 1974.
Despite seemingly getting through the job without a hitch, the Blue Team's sink fails to work due to the water pipe getting kinked in the installation, causing them to finish in last place by default, much to Jesse's anger.
John Michael Barone (born June 6, 1946) is an American organist, radio host, and producer, specializing in the pipe organ.
The creek proceeds to flow through another pipe under a small pathway that runs parallel to 140 Street.
The altar and pulpit were originally in an apse at the end of the church, surrounded by wood paneling on the walls, with a cross-shaped window above it and flanked by two arched windows, but this is now occupied by the pipe organ which was introduced in 1936.
Jules Pipe CBE – Deputy Mayor, Planning, Regeneration and Skills
The pipe organ was installed by Cousins in 1973.
The pipe organ was installed by Brindley & Foster around 1905.
Today, even wiped joints are rare and where an existing lead pipe must be connected to, a proprietary mechanical joint is more likely to be used.
The pipe organ dates from 1895 and was built by Nicholson and Lord.
Water pump mounted on the front of the timing gear case delivering into a gallery pipe along the near side of the engine with eight separate feeds into the cylinder block below the exhaust ports.
The pipe organ dates from 1970 and was built by George Osmund.
The pipe organ dates from 1913 and was built by William Hill & Sons.
Afterwards, McWane opened his own pipe foundry in Birmingham.
The pipe organ dates from 1914 and was built by Harrison and Harrison.
On the evening of 3 December 2020, a large fire destroyed much of the church, including the pipe organ and the interior of the church.
However, after he convinces Yugiri to apologize and tries to get his wife to accept the apology, he asks her to light his pipe and she complains: "I'm sure my flame will be terrible!
Litza then purchase a café and then became president of Berthelet Pipe and Supply Company.
The pipe organ was built by  Peter Conacher.
The pipe organ was built by Harrison and Harrison and dates from 1914.
Albert Keates (14 July 1862 in Hanley, Staffordshire – 25 June 1949 in Sheffield) was a pipe organ builder based in Sheffield who flourished between 1889 and 1948.
The pipe organ was built by William Hill and dates from 1859.
The Alley of Longevity aka The Pipe 
Murder with Pictures (1936) – Pipe Smoker (uncredited)
Walter Olifard appears in Northants Pipe Roll 26 HenryII.
The pipe organ was built by Forster and Andrews and dates from 1867.
The pipe organ was built by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd and dates from 1968.
They also improvised pipe mounts for .50-caliber aircraft guns found in cargo for use as defense.
The pipe organ was built by William Denman and dates from 1964.
He was re-elected in the now dual-member Kings County riding in 1949, serving with Liberal William Harvey Pipe.
The pipe organ dates from 1906 and is by Norman and Beard.
The pipe organ dated from 1866 and was by Postill.
The pipe organ dated from 1855 and was by Ward.
The current pipe organ dates from 1864 and was originally made by William Denman for the Spiritualist Church on Spen Lane, York.
Under Middleton, the company bought four tobacco brands from R.J. Reynolds in 1987, transforming the company into a major corporate interest in the pipe tobacco industry, and facilitating the subsequent growth of its packaged-cigar business.
The pipe is mounted in a stone and mortar base installed by the United States Forest Service in 1974.
Spanish pipe organ builders
Carlie Pipe (born March 9, 1987)  is a track and field long distance runner who competes internationally for Barbados.
Pipe formerly attended Harrison College.
Gas pipe for the original gas lamps is still in place; several lamps are in storage.
A specification of the organ from 1914 can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register shortly before it was destroyed by fire.
 Replacement of 46 kilometres of pipe (PRFV DN 600 and 700 mm).
At a predetermined minute after nightfall, a small army of 750 uniformed allumeurs ("lighters") carrying long poles with small lamps at the end went out into the streets to turn on a pipe of gas inside each lamppost and light the lamp.
There he left the murder weapon - a scrap from a steel water pipe - with his fingerprints on it.
While being towed by the tug Sudbury II off the Aleutian Islands in heavy seas, the US-registered Ketchikan loses 8,323 tons of oil pipe off its deck, causing it to capsize and sink.
In this type of instrument, the relationship between the mouthpiece and lead pipe is usually undisturbed and a series of cylindrical-bore sliding crooks are fitted into the central portion of the instrument to lower the pitch from E downwards.
Mouthpiece adapters are available so that a horn mouthpiece can fit into the mellophone lead pipe, but this does not compensate for the many differences that a horn player must adapt to.
In the left foreground a man who is smoking a pipe sits in profile to the right ; he wears a black coat, a grey cloak, and a black hat.
The three Guardians enter a shopping mall, and begin crossing an iron bar linking it to the tower-beacon, but are shot at by more of Kuratov's troops on another pipe.
The line underwent a comprehensive internal inspection in July 2012 and since then the area where the pipe broke had been repaired at least three times.
Warner Bros. remained silent regarding the matter, though Variety reported in November 2019 that Warner Bros. was unlikely to release Snyder's version of Justice League, with one studio insider describing it as "a pipe dream".
 2000 - Ceci n'est pas une pipe, Stéphane Hogue
On her left stands a cavalier, holding a pipe in his right hand ; he wears a plumed hat and a doublet of light grey with pink ribbons ; a grey cloak hangs upon a peg to the right.
Other artifacts include grinding stones, gorget, a birdstone, and pipe fragments.
Completed in 1859, it is a rare example of a church built prior to Separation and is the oldest Anglican Church in Queensland; it contains the oldest pipe organ in Queensland.
The gentleman, with his pipe in his right hand, looks on with interest.
The pipe organ was installed in 1905 and rebuilt in 1977.
Harry Pipe, Head Constable, Swaziland Police.
In addition to its manor house, Conyers Farm had a large stone storage barn, a 40-foot clock tower, several greenhouses and one of the grandest music rooms in the United States, which included a pipe organ valued at $50,000.
Among the church's artistic treasures from this period is also its pipe organ, which was built by the Farrand & Votey firm of Detroit.
In 1894, St. Martin of Tours contracted for a new 3-manual and pedal pipe organ with Farrand & Votey and that instrument has remained largely-unchanged since its installation.
It is immediately sealed and the bamboo pipe is connected to the receiver.
Due to the low and shallow angle of the exhaust pipe from the turbocharger plus very limited space, conventional marine silencers are not used on Corvettes, despite attempts by the latest company.
Also due to the low temperature, undesirable heat losses can be lower, when compared to higher temperature wet heating systems with losses from long pipe runs from the central heating source.
Moulton critically damaged the hand when, at the age of 14, a homemade pipe bomb prematurely detonated while it was in Moulton's grip.
The church contains a pipe organ by Henry Willis dating from 1877.
1 pipe [110 Dutch gallons, iters, 91.
William Harvey Pipe (December 3, 1914 – December 17, 1987) was a Canadian politician.
Pipe entered provincial politics in 1949 when he was elected in the dual-member Kings County riding with Liberal David Durell Sutton.
Following his defeat, Pipe served on the Board of Commissioners of Public Utilities, and in various legal capacities with Toronto General Trusts Company, Canadian General Electric Co., and Bell Telephone Co. of Canada.
However, it discharges into the Lackawanna River via a pipe.
Then it runs straight to the Zeithainer Rohrwerk (Zeithain pipe factory) factory stop, the former storage areas of the rail track construction organisation of Deutsche Reichsbahn in Wülknitz and a further 900 metres to the baroque manor house and the castle chapel in Tiefenau over before crossing the Große Röder while running next to federal highway 169.
In 1936, parishioner and master organ-builder, G. Donald Harrison of the Aeolian-Skinner Company, designed and installed a pipe organ which remains a world-renowned masterpiece of the art.
The event debuted three new events; Moto X Flat Track, Moto X Quarter Pipe and Big Air Doubles.
Between 1915 and 1917, he began a series of paintings depicting highly geometric and minimalist Cubist objects, consisting of either a pipe, a guitar or a glass, with an occasional element of collage.
The oily mixture has to pass through a series of sensors to determine whether it is acceptable to be sent to the discharge pipe.
During the filming of one episode, Goldstein picked up a crack pipe.
It's definitely an unsettling viewing experience to see Goldstein deal so frankly with the subject of drugs—whether it's buying the pipe or examining a heroin addict’s bruised arms—so soon after his death ... just knowing Goldstein's history with drugs makes watching him counsel others about kicking the habit seem oddly noble and yet disturbing at the same time.
He uses his two severed fingers as bait and starts playing his pipe to lead the rats back to the village where they devour all the adults including the chief and his son.
The restriction was done by the use of a washer to prevent the variator from using its full range and a blank pipe from the exhaust to reduce power.
The pipe band plays at many community and private functions such as street parades, Christmas pageants and weddings.
In approximately 1912 the band became known as The Caledonian Pipe Band.
Police robots also used water charges to disable two sets of pipe bombs found in the van.
Following a dispute with Sudan on additional compensation per barrel as pipe line transit charges, the Government of South Sudan closed down its crude petroleum by the end of January 2012.
St Oswald's Church contains one of the few remaining pipe organs in Maybole, manufactured in 1893 by Alfred Kirkland.
 1996  Villains - The Verve Pipe
At Ingrith's command, Gerda unleashes the deadly crimson powder by playing the chapel's Pipe organ.
This church contains an electric pipe organ.
Under Patrick J. Sheridan and James Connolly, the church and rectory were renovated and a pipe organ was installed in the church, as the staff was expanded.
One of Satie's tasks was to help showcase the newly restored 18th Century pipe organ the couple had installed in the gilded music room of their Paris mansion.
Pipe : To link all components together
Subsequent rebuilds and renovations of the organ occurred in 1934 by Hill, Norman & Beard; in 1957 by Keith Davis; in 1966 by George Fincham & Sons; and in 2007-2009 by Wakeley Pipe Organs, when minor additions were made.
The Indians pass the peace pipe to the children as they tell their tale.
Hall Taylor in 1900 as the American Spiral Pipe Works.
Jewish people have been recorded as living in Sussex since the 12th century and are first mentioned in 1179/80 pipe roll for Chichester.
In addition to the cases, there is a large ringed jar with a lid that was used for storage of goods, such as oil, and a clay pipe and basin-shaped lid which formed part of the chimney above the hearth in the Queen's apartments.
The band was led by Scott Nicolson until 2010 at which point Angus Roberts was elected Pipe Major.
At the age of 12 he joined the now defunct Lothian & Borders Police Pipe Band, and then played with Shotts & Dykehead, Simon Fraser University, Inveraray & District and ScottishPower.
He teaches at Dollar Academy, which has a successful youth pipe band.
according to an official Israeli account activated what was first reported to be a pipe bomb when her car was pulled over for a security check on Route 437 between the settlement of Ma'ale Adumim and the a-Zaim checkpoint.
2968492 Pipe Major James Carswell, 9th Battalion, The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Princess Louise's) Territorial Army.
Moreover, the combination of three different horns creates issues with sonority, because the piping shared among all three sides (that is, the lead pipe and bell) are mathematically disproportionate to two or all three horn lengths.
The Nola Guzzetta Recital Hall is equipped with a three manual Moeller pipe organ, a Martin harpsichord, and two Steinway concert grand pianos.
The pipe was brought to site in 5.8m sections and welded together at site.
Welders and pipe fitters should try to ensure that the purge cavity is always free from oils, paper, moisture, cloth, foam, sponge etc.
Bothuell IV also admitted to beating his son with a PVC pipe.
In 2012, a federal judge ordered the FBI not to destroy another pipe bomb that had only partially detonated at a lumber mill about a week before the car bombing, which investigators agreed had been built by the same bomber.
The two-manual pipe organ was built in 1897 by Harrison & Harrison, and restored in 1985 by David Wells of Liverpool.
A pipe organ built by Norman and Beard of Norwich was installed in 1967.
In 1856 Samuel Marshall built a pipe organ for the  Archer Street Wesleyan Church, and, the story goes, he was responsible for Rev.
Incidentally Mr. Marshall began making reaping machines in 1839: then in 1846 he started to build a pipe organ.
 Alan Bishop – bass guitar, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, pipe, organ, mellotron, percussion, effects, vocals, production, mixing, recording (2, 3, 6, 9, 11), design
There is a vent pipe on the north half of the roof.
Both pools are filled by the natural action of the tide and the Boardwalk Bath is drained through a pipe in the bottom of the artificial wall.
There, it begins recording data as it travels down through the hub release pipe.
A pipe was laid to a nearby waterhole and water was then pumped to elevated tanks in the main railway yard from which the locomotives were supplied.
The park is today quite different in appearance than originally, when it was laid out during the reign of Lothar Franz von Schönborn in the early 18th century, since the ponds, cascades and fountains were all drained in 1803-6, after the water pipe from the  had been cut.
In 1992, the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band (SFUPB) reckoned that their drumming could be improved and invited Maxwell to join.
Other companies were: a lock company (Theodor Kromer), a tinder company (Klingele), a pipe organ and orchestrion company (), a company for lifting equipment (Gebrüder Birmelin), and other smaller businesses.
The community took its name from St. Mary's of the Rock Roman Catholic church located in the township near Pipe Creek along St. Mary's Road.
He was also the first pastoralist to pipe water into the sheep runs.
Schlueter Pipe Organ Company, was installed within the period of 14 months in time for the 30th anniversary celebrations of the Central Temple on July 27.
The company's business activities include engineering, construction, safety, turnaround and maintenance services, manufacturing, distribution, cured-in-place pipe (CIPP), installation, coating and insulation, cathodic protection, research and development and licensing.
At one end of the Chapel is a stage, where the remnants of a defunct pipe organ rest.
Protruding from the cement facade of each portal, under the horizontal ridges and near to the natural rock wall, is a terracotta drainage pipe with a diameter of .
This single-storeyed structure, rectangular in plan, is mostly buried in the first dune, with an entrance at the southwest end and a vent pipe at the north end.
Notable buildings include the National Historic Landmark Indiana Cotton Mill (1849-1850), St. Michael's Church (1859), F. H. Clemens Store, Cannelton Sewer Pipe Company, Josie Nicolay House, Myers Grade School / The Free School (1868), Jacob Heck Building (1882), Perry County Courthouse (1896-1897), and the separately listed St. Luke's Episcopal Church.
The church holds a crypt dedicated to St Nicolas and in the choir, there is a pipe organ, whose organ case is in the shape of hand.
Prior to the internationalization of the cannabis trade, Moroccan kif was consumed locally, smoked in a long sebsi pipe or mixed into food, and was also used occasionally in Sufi religious rituals.
It takes him a long time to climb the pipe.
The pipe organ was built by William Hill & Sons in 1871.
 Fish Pipe – Rotating Barrel Ride
The pipe organ was built by Stephen Taylor.
The first known use of the word chuckmuck comes from 1843 from British India: “the coolness of the British soldier is shewn by his sitting down and lighting his chuckmuck and enjoying the solace of his pipe while the arrows of death were bustling around his ears”.
When Lee found an extra-toed kitten huddled against a pipe in the basement of her apartment building, she persuaded Hohoff and her husband to adopt him.
Inside the silver Buick SUV, law enforcement found a pipe with marijuana inside of it.
He started playing in Raffrey Pipe Band at the age of 9, and received tuition from Sandy Cummings.
On 04 July 2019, Ulster University conferred a Doctor of Letters for services to pipe band music nationally and internationally.
Pipe Creek Falls Resort is a national historic district located at Tipton Township, Cass County, Indiana.
Notable contributing resources include the Pipe Creek Grist Mill (1914), generator shed (1914), bath house (1914), storage shed (1940), restroom (1940), concession stand (1940), the foundation of a carousel, and rock shelters.
The installation of a new pipe organ was estimated to cost in the millions of dollars, and was further anticipated to have complications due to the effect of varying temperature and humidity on the organ's intonation system.
Vox humana (Latin, 'human voice') is a reed stop on the pipe organ.
The pipe organ was moved in 1857 and later replaced with a new instrument by J Porritt of Leicester.
They planned to excavate the entrance beginning from the level of the top of the mine tunnel down to what they took to be the top of the water, insert a pipe through that clearance, and drain the pooled water.
The manuscript also features an array of monsters, unicorns, animals, allegorical figures, and likely the first depictions of a bellows-driven pipe organ and a "green man" in the early Middle Ages.
In 2011, a sewer interceptor pipe was ruptured during the landfall of Hurricane Irene, and nearly spilled sewage from the town of Brattleboro into the creek.
They roll the leaves of their host plant, creating a pipe from which they feed.
However, Trout Run was unable to keep up with the demand, so in 1886, a 16-inch (40-centimeter) pipe connecting the watershed of Roaring Creek with the headwaters of Trout Run was constructed.
She was a short, squat, slow and ugly tug that rode low in the water, but she was also powerful and she tugged cement pipe from factories, as well as hay and logs.
The Royal Thai Police said that  of TNT had been stuffed in a pipe bomb and left under a bench near the outer rim of the grounds surrounding the shrine, and that an electronic circuit suspected to have been used in the attack was found  from the scene.
It is called 'An Axe, An Apple and a Buckskin Jacket'…Singing these songs, Crosby is his amiable self, but as a narrator he occasionally sounds as if he has not removed his pipe stem from his mouth!"
Ritchie renamed her Kaleden after his town and used her on Skaha Lake to serve Kaleden, including towing scows of woodstave pipe and cement.
On this land was added a nursery school, a 40-foot expansion of the chancel to accommodate a larger pipe organ, an usher's parlor adjacent to the narthex, a chapel, a social hall, a glass enclosure of the cloister, and a parking lot in 1955.
For service to music in Western Australia through the pipe band movement.
Storie to manufacture cast iron pipe fittings.
On 30 June 1978, the new management announced that Fittings would close operations, due to competition from imported materials and plastic pipe fittings.
The two manual, 17 stop pipe organ was installed by I Abbott in 1874.
Modelling the sound is done by a professional organ "voicer", who finishes the organ in its location, much like the process of regulating and voicing a pipe organ.
Pipe Creek is the English translation of the native Miami-Illinois language name.
It is a tributary of the White River, and is named for Captain Pipe, a Delaware chief.
He supplied "at his own exclusive expense a beautiful and sweet-toned Allen pipe organ in the Presbyterian Church of Clarkesville to the Glory of God and in honor of his beloved and devoted wife " Mary Pauline Burns whom he married in Clarkesville on October 10, 1917.
At 8:30am, they descended the No.2 shaft, but their descent was blocked 18 feet from the bottom by a broken wrought iron steam pipe which had been blown across the shaft.
A customized clay pipe then allowed for water to flow downward at a 35 degree angle against the buckets of the mill's water wheel, thus causing it to rotate and generate power for the millstones to grind grain into flour.
Sundberg died at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville from lung cancer, having been a pipe smoker.
A large pipe connects from the bottom of the tank to the well house, a square fieldstone structure.
On June 13, 2015 Cedric Alexander defeated Moose after using a steel pipe.
Later that night, Moose attacked Alexander with the pipe causing Silas Young to eliminate Alexander.
The pipe is typical of early 17th-century European manufacture, and is suggestive of the idea that the site was inhabited at the time of the French settlement in 1604 of Saint Croix Island (a short way downriver) by Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons and Samuel de Champlain.
Flowing media causes a frequency and a phase shift of the bent pipe, which are proportional to the mass flow rate of the sample.
Similar inconsistencies happen with large pipe 
A gravitic density meter is a type of density meter used in multiple industries to measure the density of a slurry flowing through a pipe line.
From the 1790s onwards, when the main pipe failed at depth, Deep Ecton Mine was a shadow of its former self, with miners working in previous generations' leavings.
The pipe organ was installed by Bevington & Sons and opened on 20 July 1861.
The pipe organ was installed by Forster and Andrews in 1860.
The Casavant pipe organ was purchased and installed the following year.
It was round in cross section, with a pointed nose and air intakes on is upper flanks over the wings for the low power () Marboré engine which exhausted through a tail pipe.
Meanwhile, Irene, who is infatuated with Paul, gives him a pipe for Christmas.
Born: Francisco da Costa Gomes, Portuguese politician, 15th President of Portugal, in Chaves, Portugal (d. 2001); Allan Houser, American artist, known for his Modernist and Native American artworks including Comrades in Mourning, Legends Begin and Offering of the Sacred Pipe, in Apache, Oklahoma (d. 1994)
Other forest-dwelling plants include Indian pipe (Monotropa uniflora) and lady slipper (Cypripedium parviflorum).
It is also used by civilian pipe bands .
The original album cover, which depicted a crack addict sitting on a curb and smoking from a glass pipe, was recalled from store shelves.
The standard states that labels should be placed where easily viewed by a person standing near the pipe at any of the following points:
Any pipe direction changes, such bends or junctions.
Basic identification colours and warning symbols identify the pipe contents and any hazards.
Glitches and pipe leaks play a big role in the shortage of electricity as it affects the gas flow restriction for safe operations in the deep water gas-to-power project.
In 1957 it was replaced by a pipe organ dating from 1756 by Father Smith which was originally in St Maurice's Church, Winchester.
The non-stop pipe smoking made Timberlake so sick that he "could not stir for several hours."
He doesn't smoke a pipe in the series.
In the 1870s steel pipe replaced cast iron.
One gets a pipe surface
Able Seaman John Philip Pipe, P/J.29519.
The Ki-Gass system, also referred to as Kigass or K-Gas, is "a system of starting petrol and Diesel engines by injecting finely divided fuel in the form of a mist into the in-take pipe."
The house pipe organ was built by Santa Monica Artcraft.
The villages facilities include railway station and a big stadium, five government schools (three are primary and two are high schools), two Nahar water supplies for farms and drinking water pipe line in every house, S.B.I and Andhra Banks, and animal hospital.
His gear is , a gear that takes form of a Japanese smoking pipe, which can create illusions to fool opponents.
 Dual Credit –  in partnership with Camosun College, it is a dedicated trades program focusing on construction, plumbing, electrical, sheet metal, and pipe fitting where students can earn both high school and college credits.
The picture above depicts what is known as a "horizontal" GHEX where trenching is used to place an amount of pipe in a closed loop in the ground.
The proposed expansion, with  of pipe, would increase the system's capacity from  to .
The organ dates from 1884 and was built by Hele & Co. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
("Flemish Organisation of Pipe Addicts").
Madam Pheip advises Nero to start pipe smoking which, according to her, scares the Devil away because it reminds him of Hell.
Some scholars consider Eclogue V to be metaphor for poetic succession and inheritance (much like the pastoral trope of one shepherd passing on his pipe to another).
The church contained a pipe organ built by Henry Willis in 1894 for the great music room in Lanhydrock House.
The church contains an organ by Cousans Sons and Co. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Ar n-a dtionntódh ón bhFraingcis, 1934; An Phíb fé sna bántaibh, 1933 (The Pipe in the fields le T.C.
He listened heavily to Gene Austin, Rudy Vallée, Russ Colombo and Bob Eberly, and "idolized" Bing Crosby, adopting Crosby's props such as a sailor's cap and pipe in his own performances.
It grabs a pipe and beats Charlie to death before catching and killing Sara.
The inventors had discovered the principle that hot, but congealed, lead under pressure would re-unite as an unbroken solid material, which permitted manufacture of a superior lead pipe.
[W]e see that the leading feature of the invention consists in the discovery of a new property in the article of lead and in the employment and adaptation of it, by means of the machinery described, to the production of a new article, wrought pipe, never before successfully made.
The building was a church planting for the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, with a large auditorium boasting the largest pipe organ in the Western United States and a men-only hotel on the six upper floors (renamed the Embassy Hotel in 1930).
The original sanctuary organ was a four-manual, sixty-eight rank mechanical action pipe organ by Casavant.
Archaeological discoveries revealed the entire length of the street timber water pipe extending 0.6 to 1.5 m deep.
There is a commemorative marker on Scenic Route 412 in Pipe Springs Park, at coordinates 36° 11.889′ N, 95° 8.998′ W. The inscription reads:
For the performance, he was joined by singer Pipe Bueno and sang several verses of the salsa version of the song.
 Omics Pipe, a framework in Python for reproducibly automating multiomic data analysis
Her death was estimated to have occurred a couple of weeks prior to the discovery; the cause of death was ruled to be bludgeoning with a metal object most likely a pipe that had crushed her skull.
A narrow hinged door opens out on the north side and a metal pipe runs up the northeast corner turning into the hopper near the top.
He is a pigeon racer and farmer who spends most of his time with smoking pipe, drinking beer, reading his newspaper, watching TV and committing adultery with local prostitutes.
West has an interest in pipe organs, and he has used them to accompany the silent films at the Majestic.
West did not just collect pipe organ parts – the timber organ grill that separates the organ room from the auditorium is made of Oregon pine, and comes from the Roxy Theatre in Parramatta.
He works as an Assistant Executive Engineer in Jammu and Kashmir's Public Health Engineering department, with responsibility for the installation of pipe networks and water filtration plants.
out of the wrong hands, Nene and Clarion's goal of achieving world peace seems like a pipe dream.
 Kapitein Rob: A young, brave and smart pipe smoking sea captain.
These men were often members of a pipe band, that chose to enlist at the outbreak of World War I to assist with the Canadian war effort.
The most well known Canadian pipe band during World War I played alongside the 16th Battalion (Canadian Scottish), CEF.
In September 1918, Pipe Major James Groat was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal for playing his colonel (Cyrus Peck VC) into action.
Music for dancing was provided by the True Tones, Ballybay and selections were also given by the Lisnagrieve Pipe Band.
In 1876 they joined with  Antoine Aubin Durenne, who owned the patent for the Lavril pipe connector, and founded  "Bradfer et fils & Cie A.A. Durenne".
They changed the floater material to a hard-walled HDPE pipe, which is flexible enough to follow the waves, and rigid enough to maintain its open U-shape.
Should he then Imitate gong and drum, or mime clay vessels and gourds; here is a mass of sound like many instruments playing – Like reed pipe and flute of bamboo [xiao 簫] – Bumping boulders trembling, An horrendous crashing, smashing, breaking.
A pipe organ was installed in the main hall in 1909.
The song boasts of the size of Idas' herd and milk production and sings of how Donace used to kiss Idas while he played his pipe.
The pipe makes a dissonant noise, waking Pan.
The space was again closed and repaired between 2013 and 2015, because of flooding from a broken pipe.
On December 4, 1945, The New Raleigh Cigarette Program premiered with the same sponsor, Sir Walter Raleigh Pipe Tobacco cigarettes, the same timeslot, Tuesdays at 10:30, and on the same network, NBC.
Ten years later, the original pipe was found to be  out of alignment where it runs underneath Bingley South Bog.
Instead he designed gutters which were integral with the roof leading to one drain pipe at the end of the terrace.
A native of Youngstown, Ohio, Purucker was the son of Frederick Purucker, a pipe fitter at a steel mill, who later worked as a meat cutter at a market.
1158) witnessed a Somerset charter c. 1150, and is again recorded in the Somerset Pipe Roll in 1158.
In the 1980s he toured Norway with his own band PATEYs PIPE.
The stone and concrete jetty near the mouth of Muddy Creek is close to the alignment of Furber's wharf, but was built for the STP outfall pipe.
He plays the piano and pipe organ.
Tate attended school at Scots College in Sydney where he was a drummer in the school's pipe band.
A steel mixing cup is downstream of the injector, with the radial Z-Stoff 6mm pipe leading into it.
The Spectre () is a prominent rock spire,  high, near the center of Organ Pipe Peaks, Gothic Mountains, in Queen Maud Mountains in Antarctica.
It took many years before Hellevoetsluis got a water pipe.
Because of this, Hellevoetsluis was the first municipality on the island of Voorne-Putten with a water pipe.
They can vary from the simplest pipe of water or the traditional symmetrical fountain, to complex arrays of founts decorated with sculptures or other ornamental elements.
Since the AK6 pipe was opened 18 months earlier, it has yielded over  of diamonds.
The enclosed trough solar field uses curved mirrors to focus sunlight – rather than using heat from burning natural gas – onto a pipe filled with water.
In 2001 the 100 year old Pipe Organ, which had been out of order for over 30 years, was restored at a cost of approximately half a million rupees.
Releasing itself from the pipe, the bubble floats to and well past the surface: high in the air, a sharp-beaked bird toys with boy and bubble for a bit, then pops it, the explosion denuding the creature of his feathers.
It features detailed interior and exterior woodwork—matched with exotic, advanced materials that include aluminum honeycomb composites and carbon-fiber—and a pipe organ in the cabin.
There are twenty windows, five doors, Roman ionic pillars, a false ceiling made of teak wood, imported chairs, Bible and a pipe organ.
Inside a rococo wooden balcony is the pipe organ, built in the early twentieth century by Domenico Malvestio probably reusing the phonic material of the previous organ, perhaps century.
He and Dylan fought and Dylan was shot, but as Robbo's back was turned, Dylan hit him with a metal pipe, knocking him into the water.
The steam breaks through the plant material and releases the essential oils, along with the steam, after which they rise upward into a connecting pipe leading them to the condenser.
Musically, the album features Nox Arcana's brand of dark ambient music, with the use of pipe organ, violins, harpsichord, piano, choirs, and other instrumentation, representing a musical journey through the haunted mansion.
The monkeys look as though they are made of electric charged pipe cleaners, and the overall effect epitomizes the humorous side of jungle life".
The church, though of austere Norman architecture externally, was elaborately fitted out inside, and furnished with a pipe organ built by Frederick Taylor.
 Indian Iron and Steel Company Stanton Pipe Factory Ground - Hosted few Ranji Trophy matches
The sewer pipe is supported by finished marble.
The devices were described as pipe bombs constructed with Christmas lights and tied together, combined with a remote controlled car that was switched on.
Because survivors were soaked from water pouring from the fire sprinkler pipe, they became slippery for officers to hold.
An Estey pipe organ stands on the north side of the altar platform; along the north wall is a small platform for the choir.
Okazaki also used Fantom-G keyboard's pipe organ sound suite, the second time she had done this after "Bach no Senritsu o Yoru ni Kiita Sei Desu" (2011).
The rotary effect Roland Fantom-G was utilized in the latter half of the song to create a pipe organ sound effect.
In general, the female may be recognised from a curved, sabre-like pipe that acts as an ovipositor.
Gordon stops them and handcuffs Cobblepot and Butch to a pipe and frees Falcone.
The first micro-tunnel machine was launched in June 2020 from Centenary Square to Parramatta Town Hall and will connect to an existing pipe to extend stormwater capacity.
In June 2009, after a meeting with World Bank President Robert Zoellick, the Israeli Regional Cooperation Minister, Silvan Shalom, announced a pilot project to build a "pilot" pipe 180 km long from the Red Sea to the Dead Sea.
In 1757 the Polevskoy Plant was purchased by the Ural merchant Alexei Turchaninov along with the Seversky Pipe Plant.
After a brief stay abroad he became Adjunct at Bern Kantonsgeometer Franz Rudolf Jacob pipe.
Materials recovered during this field season included potsherds; fired clay vessels; glass beads; pipe fragments; iron artifacts such as beads, bracelets, razors, knives, spear butts, a possible hoe, and a bell; and cattle bones and teeth.
It included the presence of the Scottish Miners Youth contingent, a rally and procession, a pipe band and competitions.
Pica's Catachresis merges distinct and contrasting found materials, such as the leg of a table or the elbow of a pipe, to construct sculptural forms that become new tools of communication and take on identities of their own.
He pins Clayton to the floor and attacks him with the pipe but Clayton manages to escape again.
 Pari Elavazhagan as Pipe Prakash
 A pipe bomb explodes near a U.S. Marine Corps charity 5K run in Seaside Park, New Jersey.
Specifications for the latter can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
A large pointed arch with expressed extrados and drip mould opens to the chancel, which houses a large ornate pipe organ, in front of which is a raised pulpit.
LaPointe lives the traditional way of the Lakota, following the rules of the sacred pipe.
Enbridge Energy Partners, and Williston Basin Pipe Line LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation had planned the project since 2013.
The source of the leak was a metal pipe in a breached  casing of injection well "Standard Sesnon 25" (SS 25) that lies  deep.
July 24 – The Flint Fast Start initiative announces that over 2,500 of the approximately 30,000 homes needing new water service lines have completed pipe replacement.
The lead levels were caused by the omission of orthophosphate treatments, which led to excessive pipe corrosion.
This is creating a public health threat in some Flint homes that have lead pipe or lead solder."
On March 6, 2016 Union Labor Life Insurance Company donated $25 million for lead pipe replacements in the city.
Because the public (utility-owned) portion of service lines is buried under roads and sidewalks, it is expensive to verify pipe materials.
The Holly heating systems first used wood insulated pipe and the steam was distributed using high duty pumping engines.
These were found while laying a water pipe in February/March 1991 between the village and Car Colston.
The project went through a complete pipe replacement.
The raw water would then flow, under the influence of gravity, from the tank to Paranthan via a new 12 km 800mm diameter ductile iron pipe located alongside the existing left bank irrigation channel.
This Church was fitted with a pipe organ, an altar of carved English oak, and carved oak rails in memory of prominent people with strong associations with Holy Trinity Parish.
Michael van Gerwen was the defending champion, having beaten Justin Pipe 6–0 in the final of the previous edition, and he retained his title by defeating Daryl Gurney 6–2 in the final.
A pipe organ was obtained from Madras and was installed at the church.
John Macdonald, Pipe Major.
Shower: The Ancient Greeks were the first known people to have showers, which were connected to their lead pipe plumbing system.
It was in the form of a wooden fir stave pipe and was situated 11 kilometers from the mouth of the river, and at an elevation of 140 meters.
One of the earliest written records of the name Thew was recorded in 1197 in the pipe roll for Alnwick, Northumberland, where a William Thew was "charged 12d.
Still in its original location, the steel sides of the tank measure some  in diameter and  in depth, with a  pipe outlet.
A pipe organ was installed in 1953.
meter),  (truba, a tube) and  (trubka, a special kind of a tube: telephone receiver, TV tube, tobacco pipe - in all these cases there is no diminutive sense).
A simple arched entrance is located in the Poole Street fence aligned with Block C. Called the Centenary Gate, it is formed from galvanised pipe and bears the school name in large metal letters.
In Iraq, he has been hypnotized by the charmer's pipe.
They were probably the sons of Stephen the chamberlain, who is mentioned as a royal chamberlain in the pipe roll for 1156–57.
The company is solely focused on traditional flatbed operations through the 48 contiguous states, hauling coil steel, wire products, structural and sheet steel, aluminum products, building materials, cast iron, steel pipe and machinery.
A concrete platform reached by a set of stairs is enclosed on three sides at the northern end by a wall comprising concrete posts and balustrade and pipe railing.
There was a custom at the Seversky Pipe Plant of making the workers change their duties very often.
Jerry uses a pipe and tomato to demonstrate that his game has improved, and the Meeseeks cease to exist.
In 1902, she donated a Hook and Hastings pipe organ in honor of her mother to Hull House for the music school.
During Biblical times, the cornet, flute, horn, organ, pipe, and trumpet were also used.
Among the wind instruments used in the biblical period were the cornet, flute, horn, organ, pipe, and trumpet.
The hydraulic pipe organ (hydraulis), which worked by water pressure, was "one of the most significant technical and musical achievements of antiquity".
1600-1750), technologies for keyboard instruments developed, which led to improvements in the designs of pipe organs and harpsichords, and to the development of the first pianos.
Even though the piano was invented in 1700, the harpsichord and pipe organ continued to be widely used in orchestra and chamber music concerts until the end of the 1700s.
The organ was originally marketed and sold by the Hammond Organ Company to churches as a lower-cost alternative to the wind-driven pipe organ, or instead of a piano.
This heat will not boil the liquor, of course; that he accomplishes by menus of a perforated pipe or coil coming in at the bottom of the evaporating pan.
McIntosh was hired as an employee at Metlox Manufacturing Company designing giftware prototypes from 1955 to 1956 and at Interpace International Pipe and Ceramics Corporation designing tiles from 1964 to 1966.
The valve must always be installed vertically, usually at the top of a short vertical pipe.
The code block literal uses a pipe symbol to separate the parameters from the logic '|', if there are no
The occasional musical portions of Re-birth features crudely recorded pipe organ instrumentals, while classically trained vocalists William Sutherland and Jay Michael Barrie offer advise to a "nobly born" listener undergoing a psychophysical ritual.
At the event, Overhulse was presented with a peace pipe by an elder of the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, recognizing him for "keeping the peace" in Oregon's state government.
In 2011, models received 6-speed gearboxes, a new exhaust pipe and silencer, and translucent fuel tanks.
On the right hand side of the dairy pavilion are a series of open air blue painted steel pipe livestock stalls which run the full length of dairy and long the northern side of the cattle yards and end at the cattle ramps located at the Cattle Sales Arena.
Adjoining the sales arena are two loading ramps constructed of concrete and steel pipe rails.
The skillion roof has steel pipe rafters and is sheeted with corrugated steel roof sheeting.
We're going to create [that] by combining kerosene and diesel and compressed air, pushing it at very high pressure, about 16 bar, down a pipe."
Black Pipe Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
By the end of 1990, Peace Pipe Line's system was directly serving 27 crude oil fields between Alberta and British Columbia and over 20 gas processing plants with seven truck unloading terminals.
With a demand for market access, six of the producing companies in the area joined forces and incorporated Peace River Oil Pipe Line Co. Ltd. on November 17, 1954.
By the end of this year, the company's throughput was an average 55,562 barrels/day with over 691 miles (1112 km) of pipe.
Peace River Oil Pipe Line negotiated long-term throughput agreements with three major gas plants in the Kaybob South area this year.
Effective the first day of January, 1979, Peace Pipe Line converted to the metric system to align with the rest of the industry.
The construction of the Deep Basin was completed in 1981, and Peace Pipe grew its workforce by a third, to 120 employees, but daily throughput was reduced by imposed provincial cutbacks from March 1 to September 1.
By the end of 1986, staff levels spiked to 241 employees working at Peace Pipe Line.
The Plateau Pipe Line Ltd. would continue west of Dawson Creek another 40 km to serve the Brassey Field.
Peace Pipe Line was registered as Alberta Company, needing only to liaise with the then, ERCB, whereas the Pouce Coupe was a federally registered entity as it crossed provincial boundaries and would tariff would be set by the National Energy Board.
Two circles of the Flowtite logotype symbolize a pipe containing water flow.
Next to the funicular is a pipe, 4,234.5 metres long, that carries water from the lakes of Großer Mühldorfer See, Kleiner Mühldorfer See, Hochalmsee and Radlsee into the Möll valley to the Reisseck-Kreuzeck storage reservoir.
Norwegian pipe organ builders
Workers from Con Ed, the major utility company in the area, were repairing a high pressure steam pipe in front of the building when a  connecting sleeve burst, releasing hot steam and debris upwards.
Today the central nave has an exquisite wooden lacunar ceiling carving, painting and gilding by Ferdinando Mosca da Pescocostanzo (1723-1727]), who also made the magnificent pipe organ.
The association has two bagad schools and a pipe band.
In this specific hydroponics system, nutrient-rich water is slowly trickled into a series of PVC pipe halves, where seedlings are starting to take root to small pebbles.
The heat from the processor is transferred with a 0.4mm thick water-to-steam heat pipe cooling system but still it gets hot to touch.
If the Las Piñas Bamboo Organ would always be in need of a good organist, there would also be a need in the future for a second pipe organ to play the music that was not playable at the Bamboo Organ.
With the help of Prof.Guido Dedene  and Cealwyn Tagle, he opened a website “Organographia Philipiniana”  with a complete inventory of all the pipe organs in the Philippines, to bring the country back on the map of Iberian Organ tradition (together with Spain, Portugal, Mexico, Latin America).
There is a  Metters cast iron pipe line running up the hill, approximately north-south, within Lot 6 on T118300.
Since 2019 joe also known as ‘the Hernandez’ has been throwing in kilometres of pipe with his step father Mark ‘the bish’ Bishop.
The track consisted of circular steel pipe of about 6mm wall thickness, welded to steel cross members which were in turn bolted to wooden sleepers.
These could be moved around the quays as needed, and plumbed into outlets in the hydraulic mains with screwed pipe unions.
 The oldest pipe organ in the city, restored and in full working order
The unnamed narrator, male in form this time, meets Reena in a pipe system beneath the city where both met with gossip and rumours.
The church has been painted many times since 1904 and the wooden stumps were replaced in 1974 with steel pipe stumps.
Marshal Foch, commander of the Army of France during World War One, met with Sioux Indian leaders during a visit to Bismarck, North Dakota, smoked a peace pipe in a ceremony, and was given the honorary name of Watapech Wakiga ("Charging Thunder").
It contains many of the furnishings from the original church, including its historic pipe organ and the altarpiece by Berndt Godenhjelm.
John Hooker established a successful steel pipe manufacturer allowing the family to move to a mansion on well-known West Adams Street where they entertained famous scientists, poets, and authors, including John Muir, and who became close friends of Katharine Hooker.
This circulation was encouraged by the provision of a number of pipe connections between the drums.
 Curved pipe slide and wave slide
During the Baroque era (1600–1750), technologies for keyboard instruments developed, which led to improvements in the designs of pipe organs and harpsichords, and the development of a new keyboard instrument in about 1700, the piano.
These organs featured well-balanced mechanical key actions, giving the organist precise control over the pipe speech.
In the Fūryū Zashiki Hakkei version a husband, smoking a pipe, embraces his half-naked wife from behind, pulls at her kimono, and fondles her genitals as she applies makeup.
But for Ambili, who was only a sixth std student, the main attraction was another man - a man in shorts and t-shirt, with a smoking pipe between his lips.
She traveled to battlefields in Virginia on her own, with her cane and pipe, bringing supplies, providing nursing care and patient advocacy for wounded men.
Benjamin Tucker, Foreman Pipe Fitter, Moncton
The property taken from Ross and Wood consisted of two wristwatches, an Orlik pipe, a tin of tobacco, a pair of horn-rimmed spectacles and 27 dollars in cash.
For its first , the water flows through pressurized pipe.
Their work eventually led to the publication of The Northumbrian Minstrelsy, a substantial part of which concerned Northumbrian pipe music.
Cherry added "Put that in your pipe you left-wing kooks" and, in regards to the pink suit he was wearing, "I'm wearing pinko for all the pinkos out there that ride bicycles and everything, I thought I'd get it in."
According to Cook, Ford lights the pipe and inhales.
The Associated Press reported that the video had been "deleted from a computer" and that it "appears to show Mayor Rob Ford smoking from a crack pipe."
The mansion's music room is home to a 1913 34-rank Aeolian pipe organ and 1900 Steinway grand piano, both of which are played for visitors.
IP hard pipe reserves bandwidth and ensures low delay for services, and therefore can be used to carry leased line services of high-value customers.
IP hard pipe applies to carriers' key services (such as leased line services of enterprises) and bearer networks for valued services of medium- and large-sized enterprises (such as production networks).
In the IP hard pipe solution, the NMS centrally manages bandwidth resources and uniformly provisions services.
Establish a hard pipe plane.
The Organ Pipe monument includes 22 archaeological sites which host "unexcavated remnants of ancient Sonoran Desert peoples", some of which possibly date to 16,000 years ago.
A larger water tower was built and a steam pump was used to pump water from the lake through a 6" copper pipe.
The Verve Pipe – "The Freshmen" (4:30)
Two of the slots are for guns, one is for a distraction device, and the other is for a pipe bomb or grenade.
The turbines are fed through a  diameter pipe from a dam built in 1952  upstream and  higher up.
Other external features include chrome trim grille air intakes, side windows and door handles and a rectangular left-side exhaust pipe design.
 9 June – During a protest which opposition lawmakers attended denouncing what they called the poor performance of Venezuela's electoral body, members of the National Guard stationed outside of the electoral offices pushed protesters toward a pro-government group of colectivos who attacked protesters, with one lawmaker, Julio Borges, being hit by a pipe in the face.
Tank 1 has external steel stairs and pipe fixtures have been removed.
Galvanised pipe railings were placed as needed and where necessary banks were retained with a variety of materials, predominantly small concrete slabs.
The 1968 Munro-Martin Fernery is constructed of galvanised pipe framing approximately  in diameter with a central barrel vault and side aisle areas sheeted with galvanised steel mesh and enclosed externally with shade cloth.
Its gabled roof extends on the railway side to form a verandah, which has extra support in the form of steel pipe framing.
At the party he met Cardenas, and while walking from the party to a house, Vasquez hit Cardenas on the head with a pipe and cut the boy's throat.
He smoked a pipe and liked to tell funny stories or do impressions of historical figures over a glass of scotch.
An anti-aircraft gun mount is located above the main magazine, and comprises a vertically mounted length of steel pipe with flanges at each end.
On December 20, 1989, Terry Rossland, a man with a history of mental illness, loaded his 1982 Dodge Colt Hatchback full of gasoline and pipe bombs with the intention of committing suicide.
Forty-five minutes passed and after repeated attempts to get Rossland to surrender, Rossland finally detonated the pipe bombs and the car exploded.
Ormrod held numerous professional affiliations and memberships, being a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, a Councillor of the Pipe Roll Society, a trustee of the Richard III and Yorkist History Trust, and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.
Standard sized Diamond Reef Hover Stations include 5 each measuring  sides and 2 each, size large measuring  pipe lengths.
He had four new bells installed as well as a valuable pipe organ, said to be one of the finest in the area.
The three large Dressing / Green Rooms were upgraded, a Grand Piano was brought in and the fully functioning Pipe Organ was serviced.
The idea for a Coast Guard pipe band originated with U.S. Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer Kevin Gilheany who organized the group in 2001.
U.S. Coast Guard Pipe Band personnel wear modified highland dress consisting of standard Coast Guard and Coast Guard Auxiliary Service Dress Blue "Bravo" uniforms, Tropical Blue Long, and Dinner Dress Blue uniforms augmented with a kilt patterned in the Coast Guard tartan in lieu of trousers.
The sanitary sewer collection system consists of approximately 900 miles of gravity pipe and is connected to over 20,000 manholes.
In Lambertville, the swollen Swan Creek flooded about 100 homes and damaged a water pipe, leaving the city temporarily without water service.
He wears a stove pipe hat, dark-coloured clothing, and black boots.
His recreations include the Poor Boy rifle, the Pipe tomahawk, and the Bowie knife.
Opus 1841 is a pipe organ built by the famous Casavant Frères of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec.
The repairs were undertaken by Maritime Pipe Organ Builders Ltd. of Moncton, New Brunswick.
Although these heavily polluting discharges would be cleaned by the plant filter in the Friedrichsgracht area before reaching the bathing area further downstream, there remains the problem of one especially large overflow pipe located near the Schleusenbrücke, which is directly in the planned swimming area.
The plant was later ordered to dig up and modify a waste pipe to allow easier monitoring by Vietnamese authorities.
Two example applications developed at Fulmer are: heat-shrinkabe sleeves for use as pipe couplings and an actuator for the deployment of solar panels on spacecraft.
In 1759, a pipe organ made by Gottfried Silbermann was erected on the choir gallery.
However, Gordon and Barnes escape to the balcony where Barnes fights with a pipe against Azrael and manages to break his sword and pull off his mask, realizing his identity.
Wells also played a number of instruments on the music himself, including the drums, pipe organ, bass guitar and Abbey Road's fabled Mrs Mills piano, used in Beatles songs such as "Penny Lane" and "With a Little Help from My Friends".
 La pipe cassée, poème épi-tragi-poissardi-héroïcomique (1758).
Paul Eugène Mesplès (1849-1924) : illustrations pour la Pipe Cassée de Vadé (Paris : Th.
 Mid-wall pipe mill anomalies (e.g., laminations, non-metal inclusions), including depth measurement
The following figure illustrates the principle of a typical MFL inspection tool; the left side of the diagram shows how an MFL tool works in structurally sound pipe, while the right side shows how the tool detects and measures a metal loss defect.
PEC tools can inspect accurately with a larger gap between the transducer and the inspection object than other tools, making it ideal for inspecting metal through non-metal substances (e.g., pipe coatings, insulation, marine growth).
The Cooper Nuclear Station in Nebraska performed buried pipe inspections to comply with these industry mandates as part of a 2010 nuclear power plant license renewal.
Brouwer's water pasteurizer is made of ABS pipe, plastic water bottles, cotton and charcoal.
The pipe ran from the spring to the brick house above the Mill.
Chemence (Inc., Ltd., Medical, Graphics) is a speciality chemical and medical device manufacturer which products include cyanoacrylate adhesives, anaerobic adhesives, impregnation sealants, adhesive activators, epoxy resins, UV adhesives, photopolymer resins, custom printer ink cartridges, Gas pipe sealants, and soak off nail polishes.
In 2016, DVGW (Deutsche Vereinigung des Gas und Wasserfaches) accredited Chemence Ltd. for its anaerobic gas pipe sealant Krylex KS775.
Its founding president, Harry M. Haldeman, was the president of the Pacific Pipe and Supplies Company.
The Investigation of Crystallization of Paraffinic Components in a Cold Flow Pipe
Columbo has explained that he smokes cigars although his wife wishes he would smoke a pipe, which Columbo refuses to try "because there's too much stuff to carry around."
Gerald Mander, an important historian of Wolverhampton, suggested this was a chapel within St Peter's church, situated in the south transept, and possibly named after a Pipe family, but the hospital and its chaplain seem to fit the known circumstances better.
 Keyboard - piano, pipe organ, accordion, harpsichord;
A metal waste pipe was unearthed and pulled out of the ground along a road, a nearby manhole cover was torn away, and a fire hydrant was ripped from the ground, pulling up five feet of metal piping in the process.
 Broken string, in the process of tripping pipe
His performances gave him a PDC Pro Tour spot in the 2017 World Championship, where he beat Justin Pipe 3–1 in the first round.
Reynolds joined the Alabama Pipe Company in 1924 and retired in 1959.
musical instruments: the Besson Company of Great Britain for brass instruments; Estey Organ Company of Vermont for reed organs; and Fincham & Hobday of Adelaide for a pipe organ.
A pipe organ was installed in this part of the church in 1868.
Following this competition, he was invited to participate in the Pipe Master.
Dobson Run Farm once applied for a permit to replace and maintain two pipe crossings over the stream in the same township.
A small vertical boiler engine pumped water from the well to the wharves through a 3" diameter pipe.
Hill finished tenth at Holland and retired at the French Grand Prix with a broken oil pipe.
First prize in the Adult division is considered the top individual award obtainable in competitive pipe band snare drumming.
The current title holder is Steven McWhirter of Inveraray & District Pipe Band.
For services to Ellon and District Royal British Legion Pipe Band.
The band reformed in 2016 with leading drummer Jim Kilpatrick, who left Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe Band the previous season.
Johann Wolfgang Goethe recognised the volcanic origin of these stone fields: the basalt of the former volcanic pipe crumbled as a result of erosion to form the blockfields visible today that are a typical indicator of collapsed volcano structures.
The weapon used in the murder of Hjalmar von Sydow, an iron pipe, is today part of an exhibition at the Swedish Police Museum.
A nozzle is often a pipe or tube of varying cross-sectional area, and it can be used to direct or modify the flow of a fluid (liquid or gas).
In May 2014 Brown was commissioned by the City of Melbourne to compose an album of music for the Melbourne Town Hall's Grand pipe organ, the largest grand romantic organ in the Southern Hemisphere.
The main steam pipe is still extant.
The blowdown tank was used to flush sediment out of the boiler under pressure, by allowing the steam to flash off up the vent pipe while the hot water drained away.
The Trump Organization blamed the flooding on a village drainage pipe which lacked a grate, and blamed the conflict on then-Briarcliff mayor William Vescio, who owns a company that previously came into conflict with Trump.
He was an active shareholder of the Hume Pipe Company.
The pipe organ, weighing four tonnes, was sent from Bogotá by way of Sonsón on 6 March 1963.
They are supported by a double galvanised steel pipe frame that is attached to the side of the house.
A high, galvanised pipe and wire fence encloses the area at the front.
It had 15 rooms, three state rooms, a 600-square-foot salon with "fine woods, mirrors, brass, Persian rugs, a fireplace, chess table, grand piano and English pipe organ" and its own wine cellar.
In November 1886 a survey of the waterworks site was completed, with  reserved for the service reservoir at Tower Hill in Charters Towers,  reserved for the pipe track to town, and  at the junction of the Burdekin and Sheepstation Creek ( northeast of Charters Towers) set aside as a water supply reserve (R.123) for the pumping station.
Thomas Tolson was granted the contract to dig the pipe trenches and build the trestle bridges across the small creeks between the pumping station at Sheepstation Creek and the town.
In 1941, at the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, the New Pipe Plant received production equipment evacuated from plants located in southern and western regions of the country.
After a Japanese iron water pipe was found to use as a flagpole, the battalion's flag was tied to it by Lt. Schrier, Sergeant Henry Hansen, and Corporal Charles Lindberg.
It has been registered on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Within Copperfield Gorge, the foundations of a water pump, a boiler mounting and water pipe securing saddles have been recorded.
His character lived in a cement pipe and the show portrayed, in a bitter-sweet manner, the life of the disadvantaged living on the margins.
A concentric reducer is used to join pipe sections or tube sections on the same axis.
She habitually transgressed the gender roles assigned to a single white woman in colonial South Africa by dressing in men's clothing (she was known to her close friends as "Joe"), wearing a pith helmet, smoking a pipe and venturing alone into rural areas to paint.
Other surviving features include electrical wire and metal conduit pipe.
The solution was lifted to the second floor of the tower and then it along a pipe was channeled to a different wooden building, a lar - a solution depot, which could hold up to approximately  of solution.
It was mined at the Udachnaya kimberlitic pipe (Yakutia, Far Eastern Federal District) in December 1989 and named after the world-famous Russian writer Alexander Pushkin.
During the raid the soldiers found and confiscated an M16 rifle, two pipe bombs and bottle of flammable paint.
 A pipe bomb was thrown at the Rachel's Tomb compound near Bethlehem.
Stained glass windows were delivered from Munich and the pipe organ of the old wooden church was disassembled and moved to the new church, where it remains today.
 1989, NJ State Council on the Arts, W. M. Ashby Building, 101 S.Broad St., Trenton (BAG Architects), Atrium Sculpture, aluminum pipe, 6 x 4″ O.D., baked paint, 34 x 22 x 28′, indoors
The liquid outlet is via a pipe from the top going down almost to the bottom of the vessel.
A French invention used in sugar production to move the partially processed sugar liquid up a pipe to the next stage of purification.
It contains a small Harrison and Harrison pipe organ, completed in 1979, and is the location for the Lancaster International Concert Series, which commenced in 1969.
The boatswain has a pipe.
As a young woman, she would also frequently visit her father in Europe, where she would study piano, pipe organ, and orchestra.
The forward cabin is the sail locker and also has two pipe berths.
The remains include a dense scatter of building rubble, including bricks, CGI sheets, two inch steel water pipe, iron bath tub, sink, and two iron bed frames.
Small rock garden beds, collapsed timber posts, a septic pipe, an oven and stove are located within this enclosure.
This pipe continues underground and down the slope to the west towards the northern end of the lock hospital married quarters.
In the third round Justin Pipe eliminated him 6–4.
Saarinen was an enthusiastic pipe smoker.
JAXA experiment Loop Heat Pipe Radiator (LHPR)
The main  water main ran under the south eastern end of the Jackson Drome, a prime target for Japanese air raids, and the water pipe was consequently prone to damage.
Epiphyllum oxypetalum, Dutchman's pipe cactus
 Peter Robinson – piano, electric piano, Hammond organ, pipe organ, synthesizer, chimes
 Without bringing piece of pipe
During his early academic career, Johnson's research concentrated on the historic North-European pipe organ, its literature, as well as its unique tablature notation, about which he published.Cleveland Johnson, Vocal Compositions in German Organ Tablatures, 1550-1650.
“The State of the Pipe Organ in South Asia Today” at the 2006 national convention of the American Guild of Organists (Chicago, IL)
The sheet music cover depicts an elderly man smoking a pipe with silhouetted soldiers across the top and bottom.
Aside from FINRA regulations, companies also have to worry about oversharing, viral negative comments, and the risk of becoming a dumb pipe.
The main concern for financial services companies is that by becoming a dumb pipe, they lose significant value.
The Anāl have many traditional musical instruments, including the khuwang (drum), sanamba (three-stringed fiddle), dolkhuwang (gong), pengkhul (trumpet), tilli (flageolet), rasem (a pipe instrument), and diengdong (xylophone) They are good dancers and their traditional dances include the kamdam, which is performed by young people for the akam festival, and the ludam, which celebrated victorious headhunting.
Provision of pipe borne water and electricity to some areas of the village.
The loop heat pipe (LHP) was manufactured by Orbital ATK (now owned by Northrop Grumman).
Possible causes mentioned in the conference call included debris or foreign objects inside the heat pipe, or an improper amount of propylene coolant.
- construction of a marine deepwater sewage discharging  high diameter pipe system  in Odessa Bay;
On the night of 7 November 1942 (on the eve of the 25th anniversary of the October Revolution) Gromova and Popov hoisted the red flag on a pipe shaft at Mine Number 1 in occupied Krasnodon.
Couzens's "Net Works" were uncanny, sometimes slapstick, dangling webs and woven nets that she fabricated from eclectic, mundane materials, such as twist-ties, pipe cleaners, shoelaces, neckties and wire, and suspended as sculpture or draped as wall hangings and scrims.
In May 2002, Lucas John Helder placed a series of 18 pipe bombs packed with BBs and nails in mailboxes across the US, rigging to explode as the mailboxes were opened, injuring 6, including 4 mail carriers.
No one is injured in the attack, but authorities found remnants of the pipe bomb at the scene, and shrapnel from the blast was found a hundred yards away.
It was replaced by the Palatial Theatre which opened in 1921 and featured the first Christie pipe organ in a local theatre.
A specification of the organ from 1952 can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
1999 – Wrote a story on the restoration of Atlantic City Convention Hall's historic pipe organ, the world's largest.
Nonia Maxima, named in an inscription found on a pipe.
A pipe organ was installed in 1898 on a raised platform behind the altar.
 Bree Eng - pipe organ
Matthews purchased a pipe organ for St. Patrick's from an Episcopal church in Dumfries, Virginia—likely the first organ in the District of Columbia.
This work included the replacement of the circulation pipe work, the plant room and water treatment plant, the concrete concourses around the pool and the substitution of skimmer boxes for scum gutters.
The reverse depicts Boone with rifle and powder horn, and a Native American—Swiatek and Breen interpret the frontiersman as sending away the Indian, who bears a shield and peace pipe, apparently dramatizing Montgomery's desire to show the white man supplanting the Indian in Missouri; Breen stated "as though this was something to brag about".
Welded pipe panels are considered safe for portable fencing, such as at fairs.
It can be used as Virtual Pipe Organ (virtual organ console).
The main extant structures are: the headframe; crushing and screening plant; surface crib room; fan house; winder and compressor house; transformer yard; block making plant; electrical and drill store; workshop; fuel, pipe and electrical detonator sheds; change-house; toilet block; explosives magazine; and detonator magazine.
They consist of the fuel shed, a wooden framed, corrugated iron shed; the pipe rack storage cage, an open sided structure with a corrugated iron roof; and the detonator store, a small weatherboard shed elevated on short stumps.
It is connected to the change house by a long length of water pipe, raised more than two metres above the ground.
The graves have matching headstones and are enclosed by decorative iron railing protected by a modern steel pipe enclosure.
Kaalink is a cylindrical device that is retrofitted into a diesel generators' exhaust system or exhaust pipe to collect the emissions.
Fenwick manuscript, compiled in the second half of the 19th century, is a compilation of Northumbrian pipe music, together with other material associated with the instrument.
In an October 28, 2016 public statement, Chief Arvol Looking Horse, spiritual leader and Keeper of the Sacred Pipe Bundle of the Lakota/Dakota/Nakota Nations, invoked his role as the voice of traditional government of the Great Sioux Nation and called upon President Barack Obama to communicate "nation to nation, as indicated by our treaties."
Workers are laying the water pipe promised by Di Cosimo.
In 1836 the pipe organ built by the master Albertus Grodnitsky was installed in the church.
Both Alice and George are connected; the cost is $9000, since the pipe can go from Source to George and then to Alice.
As a long-throated flume, the Palmer-Bowlus flume requires long straight runs upstream - 25 pipe diameters.
She also purchased a $10,000 pipe organ (equivalent to $ million in ) for the then-new half million dollar 1909 Milwaukee Auditorium.
New monumental pipe organ was installed in 2000.
On the floor above the rear section of the chapel is a pipe organ which opens onto the nave extension through a large archway.
Besides smoking an occasional pipe or Indian cheroot, he has "a heavy jowl and shrewd grey eyes".
A UNH spokesperson said that he smoked a pipe and loved sitting in front of the library talking with students.
In December 1879, the harmonium was replaced with a pipe organ that was purchased for the church at the cost of $800.00 (the instrument was said to be worth $2,000).
Gertrude Granger Picher the principal organist of St. Francis Xavier Church from 1930 to 1995 had helped facilitate the parish purchase of the prestigious Casavant pipe organ that is set in the choir loft.
On the morning of September 17, a pipe bomb exploded in Seaside Park, New Jersey.
Three "rudimentary" pipe bombs, all reportedly timed to go off during the race, were later found, with only one of the three having exploded.
The investigation was soon turned over to the New Jersey Transit Police Department and the FBI, two county robots (Union and Essex) confirmed the devices were pipe bombs.
One of the first crafts to go was pipe making, with metalworking and pottery following behind.
The lurs consist of an S-shaped pipe made of several pieces that have been welded together, a sound-board at the upper end and a mouthpiece at the lower end.
Cornil (or Corneille) Cacheux (6 January 1687 - 11 July 1738) was a French pipe organ maker.
At the same time, though, the increasing use of galvanized sheet iron was creating opportunities for journeymen employed in furnace or architectural shops – demand for metal roofs, cornices, skylights, and ceilings, along with warm air furnaces and ventilation pipe, was on the rise by the late 19th century.
In 1897 the pipe organ was removed to the College Park church, and a new instrument, built by J. E. Dodd & Sons of Adelaide, was installed and opened by the church organist on 8 September 1897.
The pipe organ, built by William Andrews of Bradford, was installed in 1908.
The pipe organ by Wordsworth and Maskell dates from 1896.
The Allen console also interfaces with the pipe organ, allowing both organs to be played seamlessly.
The church contained a pipe organ dating from 1756 by Father Smith.
The church contained a small one-manual pipe organ.
The church's first instrument was a harmonium, replaced in 1854 by the pipe organ from J.
Air was supplied continuously to the mouthpiece and ejected through a short exhaust pipe fitted with a valve as in the Fernez design, however, the lack of a demand regulator and the consequent low endurance of the apparatus limited the practical use of Le Prieur's device.
The gas is exported from the site via a   diameter pipe south to the Frigg UK System in Aberdeenshire.
The pipe organ was built in 1906.
A popular historic form of smoking in Vietnam is called Thuốc lào, where the highly potent leaves of the Nicotiana rustica plant (called Thuốc lào) are smoked through a water pipe which is called điếu cày.
The pipe organ was built in 1912 by Paul Voelkner: it features more than 40 organ stops and is served by the church exceptional acoustics environment.
In 2003, 90% stake of TPCO was transferred to Tianjin Pipe Investment Holding (), a company that was supervised by the Economic Commission () of the .
In 2007 Bohai Industrial Investment Fund () acquired a minority stake of TPCO from Tianjin Pipe Investment Holding.
In April 2016, due to the dissolution of Bohai Steel Group, the shares of Tianjin Pipe Investment Holding was transferred to Bohai State-owned Assets Administration Co., Ltd (), a wholly owned subsidiary of Tianjin Jinlian Investment Holding (), another state-owned enterprise that was supervised by Tianjin SASAC.
 Tianjin Pipe Corporation (57%)
The central motif of his last series of images was the smoking pipe.
The leaky pipe had been repaired in 1976, removing the habitat.
The former organ was replaced in 1976 by a 15 voices pipe organ from Ott Organ Factory in Göttingen.
Twelveheads Methodist church is a simple rectangular structure which is well decorated with a pipe organ in an organ chamber at the front of the chapel.
In the 1990s, by when its membership was entirely made-up of adults, it merged with another pipe band composed primarily of Bermuda Police Service constables and Bermuda Fire Service personnel.
Reed organs were more portable than later pipe models, and therefore better suited to small churches like Nesbitt/Union.
Items found in Michael Schenck's 1844 inventory that relate to food preparation included the following: One ten plate stove & Pipe, 1 kitchen cupboard & crockery, 1 table, settee (possibly Pennsylvanian German style), elbow chair, Ironware and hooks.
There is a concrete pipe which was originally built to carry sewage and deposit it onto the beach further north.
Their best-known work is the office building for the Aiton & Company pipe manufacturing company in Derby.
The main water pipe into the city of Ponce made its way down Calle Atocha crossing Calle Guadalupe, Calle Victoria, Calle Vives, Calle Sol, Calle Isabel, Calle Cristina, and Calle Comercio.
Initially the project consisted of a website with educational tips and lesson suggestions to organize, among other projects,  an excursion to a large pipe organ.
Due to increased secularization of society, fewer children attend churches, so they have fewer occasions to spontaneously experience a pipe organ.
Orgelkids USA kits are being commissioned to serve as regional resources by chapters of the American Guild of Organists as well as by non-profit organizations whose missions are pipe organ related.
 Information about Orgelkids in Flanders (in Dutch) on the website of de "Vereniging Het orgel in Vlaanderen" (society The Pipe Organ in Flanders).
Yulin University offers degrees in pipe engineering, linguistics, science, agriculture, law and other disciplines.
It is currently used to store materials from the nearby Main Library and other historical artifacts, including the disassembled Exhibition Organ, a pipe organ which was donated to San Francisco for the 1915 Panama–Pacific International Exposition.
Her grandmother Martha Jane was known as one of the best Catawba potters of the nineteenth century, while her grandfather, Epp Harris, was an extraordinary pipe maker.
Hill-Crest has 35 rooms, as well as an elevator and a pipe organ, and sits on  overlooking Lake Washington.
The guard had both a handbrake and a direct connection to the Westinghouse Air Brake pipe for the whole train.
Great Dane was founded as the Savannah Blow Pipe Co. in Savannah, Georgia, in 1900, fabricating sheet metal systems to move sawdust and woodchips in saw mills and woodwork plants.
Within the Concert Hall, the pipe organ is produced by the century-old German manufacturer Johannes Klais Orgelbau.
It was held by the Supreme Court of India in Indian Hume Pipe Co Ltd v Its Workmen that the general principle underlying a gratuity scheme is that by service over a long period the employee is entitled to claim a certain amount as a retirement benefit.
The sewer pipe and roofing tile manufacturer was founded in 1875 and still operates today as one of California's oldest companies.
Elvis Bajram, a candidate for mayor in Shuto Orizari, was attacked with a metal pipe after arguing with activists of the opposing candidate.
 Pipe organ courtesy of the Paramount Theater (Baton Rouge), Tom Mitchell, and Donald May
Pelzer was advised by an officer who only later became aware of the passing of the peace pipe.
For the lubrication of the crank- and camshaft, the crankcase has an oil pipe drilled into.
The studio had a pipe organ for the program.
Roughly 1,800 litres of water are delivered to the processing plant from the reservoir per second, through a steel pipe (roughly 50 to 57 million m3 per year).
Pulsar Measurement manufactures and supplies a range of instrumentation for non-contacting level, volume, open channel flow, pipe flow, sludge interface, and pump control to the Water / Wastewater, Food Production, and Process Automation industries.
This barricade plug has a draw out pipe fitted at bottom with a V notch for proper decantation and monitoring.
Moisture-curable polymers are used as electrical insulation in some kinds of cables and for water pipe in under-floor heating installations.
Huaigang formed a joint venture () with Tianjin Pipe Corporation.
In the rear wall of the apse is a pipe organ built in 1938 by Mascioni.
The Water Department pursued its own research and development and in 1932 Murnane reported excellent test results of a specially-made rubber water pipe that had been submerged in the sea for 2 years.
The cause of the problem was determined to be with the loop heat pipe (LHP), which transports heat from the Advanced Baseline Imager (ABI) to a radiator for rejection into space.
The odors are drawn upwards through the independent overflow pipe within the cistern and then pass through the activated carbon filter where the odors are totally eliminated.
Jantzen is the best-known representative of Baroque pipe organ school.
The unique pipe organ with an autograph of the master is still preserved in the church; only two registers were lost during the centuries.
This building was expanded in 1746 and provided with a bell tower and pipe organ in the 1750s.
On the choir behind the high altar, there is the pipe organ, built in 1925 by Zeno Fedeli and then electrified, which has 17 registers on two manuals and pedal.
It has also incorrectly been identified as Iron Pipe (translated into the O'odham as Vainom Kug), which is the name of a village which sprang up around a steam pump built by miners about a mile away.
His father was a drummer in a Scottish pipe band.
She also played with the cadets as well as the Royal Burgh of Inverkeithing Pipe Band.
The genesis of the bucket lake in Eckernförde is unique: a polythene bucket (hence the name) was used as a plug in a pipe in 1990.
It contains an original, working, fully restored Wurlitzer pipe organ which was placed on the American Theatre Organ Society's National Registry of Significant Instruments.
Leonard Bell, Drum Sergeant, Langholm Pipe Band.
Various groups have been formed by those challenging the pipe.
Guests enter the park through a warp pipe from an entrance plaza.
The pipe leads into Princess Peach's Castle.
The Brewarrina sewerage plant outfall pipe discharges into the river near the ochre beds while the concrete form of the Brewarrina Weir dominates the upstream end of the traps.
The reinforced section is fitted with a steel carrier pipe  thick with a  inner diameter, capable of delivering .
In 1905 he became Pipe major of the 2nd Battalion, at the age of 24.
The church pipe organ was built in 1897 by Alfred Fuller of Kew, Victoria, and is one of the last he built before his business closed in 1900.
In an article during the 'Water Famine' a householder complained of his meter whizzing round even though only air came through the pipe.
One night a boss, Karsen, sends four of his men, Engel, Mitchell, Jones and Hurst, down in the diving bell to fix a damaged oil pipe.
The pipe casing used to fill the explosive material was estimated to be around 8 to 9 inches, and the weight of the explosives around 200 grams.
The Mowag W 300 with 750 kg BC firefighting powder, as well as four hand-held fire extinguishers for the pipe safety device on the bridge, were equipped as a powder extinguishing vehicle.
The initial beneficiaries were European residents of Ikoyi and then Lagos Island but gradually pipe water reached others areas including Ijora, Apapa, Iddo, and Ebute Metta.
Unlike the previous engine, which had the exhaust cooled by airflow, the ProStar equipped Polaris connected the engine to the exhaust header pipe in the front of the engine, before making a 180 degree turn and exiting at the rear of the vehicle.
For the convention center roof, cranes were used to pipe concrete on top of the superstructure.
The pipe could pour  of concrete per hour.
A small one-manual and pedal pipe organ was built in 1865 by Forster and Andrews.
A pipe organ was built in 1883 at a cost of £400 by Isaac Abbott of Leeds.
A pipe organ was built in 1818 by James Chapman Bishop.
The Act of Congress amended the Smoking Opium Exclusion Act of 1909 which authorized the importation of the poppy plant for medicinal purposes utilizing an opium pipe or vaporization to consume the euphoric opiate.
Mexican mufflerA can stuffed with steel wool on an exhaust pipe.
Others have said that the descending empty tubs hit a compressed air pipe which caused dust to billow out and a spark ignited it.
Pantulf also appears on the Pipe Roll of 1130, where he is mentioned as one of the adversaries in a judicial duel to settle a dispute with Hugh Malbanc.
Once Chambers defected, husband and wife lived at the Pipe Creek Farm, near Westminster, Maryland, for the rest of their lives.
He also plays the pipe organ and harpsichord.
The drain pipe between the lake and Broadway sewer was constructed from 1911 to 1912.
The same sewage pipe was found to be the cause of pollution of the lake in 2016.
Prior to the match McMichael attacked Goldberg with a lead pipe and took possession of the ring.
In 2012 Argotec started research in the field of passive heat transfer for the internal development of a device called a heat pipe.
The data collected during the tests performed inside the MSG mockup represent part of the Baseline Data Collection (BDC) that the team created to define heat pipe performance.
The automatic extinguishing devices temporarily generate a water fog in the pipe section for sparks to fly into.
On 16 July 1950, a crewman was severely scalded on board Wave Baron when a pipe burst when the ship was in the Irish Sea off the Isle of Man.
He also played in the Glasgow Police Pipe Band, which won the World Prize in 1920.
In late October 2018, 16 packages containing pipe bombs were mailed via the U.S.
In 1908, the Amalgamated Society of Whitesmiths, Domestic Engineers and General Pipe Fitters and the Birmingham Society of Hot Water and Steam Engineers merged into the union, which changed its name to the National Union of Operative Heating and Domestic Engineers, Whitesmiths and General Iron Workers.
In Tabako no Kemuri o Fuku Onna (, "Woman blowing tobacco smoke"), Utamaro depicts a young woman holding a kiseru tobacco pipe.
The decision came after a sewage treatment plant in Hawaii claimed that the law covered only "point sources" of pollution, such as an effluent pipe.
The first pipe organ was obtained second hand and installed by J.H.
Following this convention assures that the receiver will always receive the maximum possible resolution for any bandpass pipe, enabling a no-buffering transmission protocol.
Thereupon Muley’s father gave him 50 blows with a pipe stem.
The hot spring was created in 1922 when the casing of a pipe burst that was part of a nearly  artesian well into the Yarragadee Aquifer.
This linking is accomplished by firing one-block-width units of pipe from a player-controlled launcher at the bottom of the screen, which the player can only move left or right.
The church possesses a 42-voice pipe organ.
His father, Edward John Valett, worked for the railroad as a pipe fitter and his mother, Myrtle (née Peterson), was a saleswoman.
It was designed to give historical reference to its former use as an industrial land, hence the bridge constructed from sewer pipe.
The company's electro scanning inspection technology utilizes a low-voltage high-frequency electric current produced by a probe placed inside a non-conductive sewer line to check the 360-degree wall of the pipe for leaks.
She looks down and holds a kiseru tobacco pipe in her right hand.
Because of its significance, the approximately 50 acre expanse within the floodplain across from the City of Decatur which encompasses Stone Pipe, Pine Tree, and the Quad Site has been reported in a number of amateur and a few professional research papers.
Hulse reported the discovery of two Clovis points from the Last Site near Stone Pipe, while Cambron shared a Cumberland from the Pine Tree Site.
The Jahnke conservatory, like the German Conservatory of von Winterfefd, led teaching music at three levels (lower, middle and higher-academic), and the structure of the school consisted of 8 departments (singing, piano, orchestral instruments, liturgical music, pipe organ, group music, pedagogical seminar, music theory and other additional subjects).
 a pipe organ practice hall; 
Most of the pipe is buried to a depth of  but it is deeper and has thicker walls in areas of high risk such as under road crossings.
Flowmaster has been added to over the years including the application of the Method of Characteristics to compressible pipe flow systems, a new approach to the modeling of AC components, the first commercial co-simulation link between 1D and 3D CFD software  and control models were added in 1999.
During the restoration of the theater, a vintage  pipe organ was purchased and installed to replace the original theatre organ, which had been sold earlier.
At 0312, Ward locked out and found the pipe flange protruding from the wall of the platform base.
  Pipe Organ of the basilica
The generating house is located at Ardtaraig and is supplied by pipe.
He and his brother William clearly had a substantial musical education, perhaps largely from their father, who had constructed a pipe organ for his own home use.
 Pipe Dreams (2012, Tee Pee)
In fact, the Siderurgica del Orinoco is the main API pipe factory in Latin America and should also be considered the aluminum industry and others derived from steel and aluminum processing.
Numisia Procula, known from an inscription on a water pipe.
By piercing the compressed air pipe it was possible to revive him sufficiently in order for him to be supported up the shaft.
At first she was educated at home but she then went to a school at Laleham created by Hannah Pipe in 1869.
Darrell Dennis, in his book Peace, Pipe Dreams, won the Periodical Marketers of Canada Aboriginal Literature Award for 2015-2016.
The song begins with the verses sung by Ocean in a distorted voice: "I might/Empty my bank account/And buy that Boy with a Pipe."
In 2016, AGRU constructed plant V, an ISO class 5 clean-room production facility, setting a new industry standard for the production of pipe systems for ultrapure media applications.
It has flexible pipe manufacturing plants in France, Brazil and Malaysia.
Coil Crawl - Competitors must work their way through three tubes structure made of pipe and chain before they each sink into the water.
The BES III detector is a cylindrically symmetric 6-meter long and 7-meter diameter detector surrounding the interaction point of 2 beam pipe rings.
The city demanded 10 miles of pipe within 10 months and "hydrants were placed for citizens or passersby to draw water for purposes of drinking".
Alternatively, some narrow deceleration traps for single firing positions employ vertical plates to direct bullets into a helical deceleration chamber resembling a vertical pipe from which spent bullets drop out the lower end.
The leak was repaired April 13, 2017 when divers were able to install a clamp on the leaking pipe.
A similar idea is found in Jacob Cats' Spiegel van den Ouwden en Niewen in the section "Whores and their sly tricks" which depicts a prostitute handing her client a brazier of hot coals instead of a pipe.
It was enlarged in 1966 by Groves of Nottingham A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
The first product of the college - pipe cutters supplied to many parts of the Soviet Union.
(Who has taken my pipe?).
The video also features point-of-view shots of a pipe travelling through the city.
On the front square of the Philharmonic has been built in the 1970s a pipe organ-shaped fountain.
After school he joined the army where he was taught by Pipe Major Donald McLeod.
The pipe organ dates from ca.
 Champions:  Easy Pipe Kashan; Second:  Titan Mercury; Third:  Setaregan Sari
Patents for variations of articulated pipe cable protections date back to 1929.
In some instances, such as shore ends for fibre optic cables where rocky outcrops are present, dynamic influences can be reduced by securing the articulated pipe to the seabed rock, thus reducing the degree of movement remaining.
A March 2017 photograph of him sitting on his bed, smoking a pipe and listening to his wind-up record player in a rubble-strewn room has been widely reproduced.
Disney's horse was trained by racehorse trainer David Pipe.
Lost Lagoon (Chinese: 缤纷水城) - A large water play structure featuring multiple tube and body slides, including a body bowl slide and a half pipe.
Richard Irving Eliason (October 14, 1925 — April 3, 2011) was an American politician, commercial fisherman, and pipe fitter.
To the vicar of the church of Radcliffe (I bequeath) 20 shillings; to the fabric of the church one pipe of woad.
Among the most visited locations at the former industrial site are the large circular foundations of kiln ovens that were used in the pipe making process as well as the decaying graffiti covered walls of the company's boiler house.
Seconds later, a burst pipe showers water on all of the friends.
After Sellers closed his business in the east he moved with his brother Charles to Cincinnati, Ohio and they established a factory for making lead pipe.
Their business was eventually sold and merged into a company which was a major producer of lead pipe in the country.
That same year, she began participating in the Paris Salon, where she won a silver medal for her portrayal of a Thuringian shoemaker smoking his pipe.
The deposit is in a kimberlite or lamproite pipe 6.5 ha in area, and yields 10 carats to the ton.
Trains 351-09, 351-11~351-12, 351-14, 351-17~351-18, and 351-20~351-28 use Toshiba GTO-based VVVF controls with active cooling, while all other trains use IGBT controls with passive cooling through a heat pipe.
In response, city officials ripped out the water pipe during the middle of the day, while a bathhouse in the building was operating, causing the bathhouse's patrons to complain.
Combat is primarily focused around a variety of different melee-based weapons, such as an axe, pipe, plunger, wrench, or scythe.
The sub-atmospheric pressure was controlled with a pipe.
 1st Place1978 Oasis Pro - Half Pipe
The pipe is installed in such a way that the bottom 20 cm of perforated portion remains below the soil surface and the non-perforated 10 cm above the surface.
The trial was held on December 27, 1976, where Lew’s motion to have the native people swear on a traditional medicine pipe instead of the Bible was granted (unprecedented in Massachusetts courts, and probably the entire country).
'Flax' is portrayed as a girl holding a distaff and 'Wool' as a shepherd playing a pipe.
Among many activities, including fundraising for a pipe organ for her church, Francis was president of the Baptist Missionary Circle and secretary of the Tri-State Women's Baptist Convention.
The construction of the water pipe is based on the task of servicing the city in case of a fire.
The upper reservoir, at an elevation of , is used to hold most of the water coming through the pipe from Allen Lake.
Corrugated metal pipe may be used for storm drains or wastewaters with similarly low risk of corrosive conditions.
Decimus Percennius Rufinus, a man of senatorial rank, named on a lead pipe from the Esquiline Hill, had been governor of one of the imperial provinces.
Wheeler and Taylor force the crew to make the submarine go topside by increasing the pressure of a pipe.
Two Leggings (Crow: Issaatxalúash) or Apitisée ("Big (Whooping) Crane") was a Crow Akdúxxiilee (warrior), Íipche Akeé (war leader or pipe carrier) and Bacheeítche (local group leader) of the Binnéessiippeele (River Crow Band).
It was developed at a site where the Moore pipe factory was operating.
Aristolochia gorgona is a recently discovered (2002) flowering plant in the Dutchman's pipe family (Aristolochiaceae) (of the Eudicot super-order or subclass) found in the Atlantic-facing rainforests of Costa Rica and Panama.
A new pipe organ of three manuals and 34 stops was installed, built by Brindley & Foster of Sheffield.
Wooden cones could also be used to stretch the diameter of one pipe so that another of nominally the same size could now fit within it.
Copper to lead joints may be made by wiping the lead onto the copper pipe, as for a lead-lead joint.
The Organ Festival of Braga (in Portuguese: Festival de órgão de Braga) is a festival dedicated to the Pipe organ, held annually in Braga since 2014.
The Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project will compress and pipe separated CO2 to nine injection wells where it will be subsequently injected into the Dupuy Formation.
The rocks went hurtling past him, one of them breaking the bowl of his pipe clean from the stem, which remained comfortably in his mouth.
The pipe organ at St Paul's was built in 1886 by Forster and Andrews.
The incumbent was responsible for the pipe rolls on which the government income and expenditure was recorded as credits and debits.
The Pipe Office was abolished in 1834.
He was also awarded in 1748 the sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe for life.
Having a smooth, low-friction, consistent inside-diameter pipe surrounding the MLS system simplifies removal of the MLS components.
The church contains a pipe organ dating from 1895 by Stephen Taylor of Leicester.
PopMatters said: "The individual fiddle and pipe go skipping near the end of 'Morning Nightcap' and the cushion of strings rolls massively after them like a willing St Bernard."
In the pan were three and one-half miles of one and a half inch pipe which held ammonia, cooled below the freezing point of water.
Bourdon is the author of several pieces for pipe organ including:
Among the projects born after the research and development activities in thermal the field we can include: RAH (Renewable passive heat system), HEAT (Heat Exchanging pAssive Technology), ARTE (Advanced Research for passive Thermal Exchange) and INWIP (Innovative Wickless Heat Pipe Systems for Ground and space applications).
At first the Ford engineers were bemused by the fact that they could not detect any unburnt hydrocarbon in the tail pipe exhaust and stopped the testing to recalibrate their test rig.
Walter I. Pratt built an addition onto the house for his Kimball pipe organ.
As a clarinetist, he specialized in the style known as gas pipe clarinet, using the instrument to make noises that sounded like animals or sound effects.
The pipe organ was built in 1744 , originally for the Dorotheerkirche in Vienna.
Sound's work has attracted celebrity attention, with film director Darren Aronofsky commissioning him in 2007 to create a custom work known as the Pipe Organ Desk.
A rotating joint for the waveguide was located on the right side, and the signal was fed from this location to the main waveguide and feed horn with a short length of pipe running from the joint to the top of the reflector.
A pipe organ was installed in 1900 by Lewis and Co and dedicated on 28 June 1900 by the vicar of Darlington, Revd.
The corresponding problem in porous pipe flows was addressed by S. W. Yuan and A. Finkelstein in 1955.
She was occasionally criticized for "masculine" habits such as smoking a pipe and wearing trousers.
According to police, on November 14, 1971, during a demonstration by students and other activists protesting the ratification of a Japan-U.S. treaty on the reversion of Okinawa, which degenerated into a riot, he attacked Tsuneo Nakamura, a 21-year old police officer, battering him with a steel pipe and setting him on fire with a petrol bomb.
Jenny escapes the children by puncturing a pipe and spraying one of the children in the face with hot steam, revealing the children made themselves invisible by tampering with the virtual reality glasses.
Julien Koszul (4 December 1844 – 15 January 1927) was a French composer and pipe organist from Alsace.
There were no pipe bombs nor was there any evidence that any "federal assets" investigated.
His father enlisted him in the Gordon Highlanders in October 1899 in order  to prevent him from joining the Merchant Navy, and he became Pipe major of the 1st Battalion in 1905, one of the youngest ever in the British Army.
A specification of the organ as recorded before 1939 can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
A pipe organ was installed by Bishop and Son.
The original pipe organ was enlarged and improved in 1876 by Charles Lloyd of Nottingham, but it was given to St Andrew's Church, Langar in 1906.
In 2017/18  Cadent Gas Limited replaced and improved  of mains pipe.
The other common format for pipe band competitions is the medley.
Taylor had faced English opposition in his three previous rounds, beating Chris Dobey in the first round before whitewashing Justin Pipe and Keegan Brown in the next two rounds to set up the quarter-final.
Enraged by this, Achini hits on Shane's head with a pipe and broke the cell phone, killing him instantly.
Neo-Roman pipe room : decorated with paneling with plant and animal motifs in which the cabinets and the seat have been integrated.
An Israeli soldier was lightly injured from a pipe bomb planted in a burned tire at the Palestinian village of Al-Mughayyir.
Israeli sources say pipe bombs were thrown at them during the raid, soldiers were "faced with immediate danger"  and the instigators were targeted and hit.
Israeli police say pipe bombs were thrown their way during the raid.
The current holder is Jules Pipe.
A pupil of Roland Meillier in piano at the , he studied the pipe organ (an instrument he discovered at the age of 13 in 1972), under the leadership of Michel Chapuis, Jean Boyer, as part of Summer Academies.
In 2014 the organ was awarded Grade II* listing with the National Pipe Organ Register.
He also held many directorships in Creusot subsidiaries in France and abroad including iron mines, pipe foundries, heavy and fine steel, shipyards and electrical construction.
A substantial stone trough has been set into the ground with the cross at the top and a narrow secondary overflow appears to be present in addition to the aforementioned pipe that leads to the Stra Burn.
The disorderly woman then poked Yi in her bicep with a rusted blade saw, and then hit with a metal pipe on Yi's face and hand.
West Caddoa was a Design 1019 cargo ship built in 1919 by the Western Pipe & Steel Co of San Francisco.
On Broadway, he had the roles of Ulysses in Hook n' Ladder (1952) and George Herman in Pipe Dream'' (1955).
The clay was found in deposits of the Rhine and Meuse rivers and in the 16th-century centers of production for white pipe clay objects were Cologne, Utrecht, Liège and Gouda, South Holland.
The experimental setup consisted of two large streamer chambers which were placed above and below the SpS beam pipe.
The device features a full-length graphite-shielded copper cooling pipe for efficient cooling.
1981 marks the beginning of his career as an international soloist, often associated with a pipe organ.
All the Stations is a documentary series published on YouTube, which sees couple Geoff Marshall and Vicki Pipe visit all 2,563 stations on Great Britain's National Rail rail network, and all 198 stations in Ireland, on the railway networks of Iarnród Éireann in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland Railways in Northern Ireland.
After they had visited all 2,563 stations, Kenilworth station was scheduled to open on 10 December 2017, on which day Marshall and Pipe visited the station, although it did not actually open until April 2018.
Marshall and Pipe visited the station on 3 August, the only day that trains were also scheduled to stop at Norton Fitzwarren.
 Martin Pipe – Eden Dancer (1999), Puntal (2002), Buena Vista (2005)
C. Pipe, North Lancashire Reg.
He later donated a pipe organ for the new chapel.
In 1892 he left for Dresden where he enrolled for 4 years at the Royal Conservatory and worked the piano with Karl-Heinrich Doering (1834–1916), pipe organ with Julius Johannsen (1852–1921) and musical composition with Felix Draeseke (1835–1913).
 "Steamroller", a usually cylindrical waterless bong, a type of tobacco pipe.
Jerome Baker Designs had its assets seized during Operation Pipe Dreams, a federal operation to prosecute glass blowers in the United States.
It also collaborates extensively with the Moscow & District Pipe Band.
Box jacking is similar to pipe jacking, but instead of jacking tubes, a box-shaped tunnel is used.
In 2010, her painting of a Māori woman smoking a pipe, Kapai Te Toriri (Tobacco is Good) sold for NZ$10,600, although it had been expected to sell for NZ$3,00 – $4,000.
The largest pipe has a size of .
The impact broke the gas pipe in one of the front carriages, and an explosion followed.
The flat sheet of silver was then cut with snips to its desired size, after which it was rolled over the rounded end of an iron implement (having one end that was rounded), similar to a ball-peen hammer (Arabic: ribāl), until it was fashioned into what resembled a hollow pipe.
To facilitate the easy fashioning of this cylindrical pipe soon-to-be bracelet, the craftsmen would make use of a block of wood, appx.
Éric Humbertclaude (born 5 May 1961) is a French musician, organist, contemporary composer, writer and essayist, musicologist, researcher specializing in contemporary music and pipe organ music.
 Fat pipe (can be used for PCIe, SRIO or 10G/40G Ethernet)
Protesters lay on the ground attached to PVC pipe and chains in an attempt to stop the construction of the telescope.
Hoping to stop pumping river water, the water company's superintendent lit a fire at the exit pipe of the reservoir, allowing water to flow freely downstream and contaminate the town's water supply.
The metal pipe shown was used in the Concorde cockpit to provide cooling air to the pilots, but its loud tone got it canceled.
When the swirling flow within a pipe encounters the exit, it can become unstable.
The method of creating swirl in the vortex whistle was considered the cause for lack of dynamic similarity, so the swirl was created in a pipe with a contraction having swirl blades followed by an expansion to create the required axial backflow.
The Boatswain's pipe is similar to the police whistle, except that the cavity is spherical, creating a more complex vortex.
It would seem that the maximal oscillatory gain of the system would occur when the preferred pipe frequency matches the preferred edge-tone frequency with suitable phase.
The Strouhal relationship suggests that the jet Mach number and the ratio of effective pipe length to the edge distance are important in a first approximation.
A number of musical instruments, other than the pipe organ, are based on the edge-tone phenomenon, the most common of which are the flute, the piccolo (a small version of the flute), and the recorder.
Subsequent footage showed a group of six men beating Harris with poles, a metal pipe, and wooden slabs, as Harris attempted to get off the ground.
The sculpture was assembled from scrap materials including bike sprockets, gears, spark plug, chain, sheet metal, wire spring, bearing, nut-bolts, pistons, connecting rods and mild steel pipe.
Despite uttering wishful thinking as a mood-maker, he seems somewhat shameless due to inwardly thinking of them as pipe dreams.
After this contest, Cuthbert decided to step down and Jonathan Pipe, a fellow singer with The Grand Central Chorus in Nottingham, transitioned to the quartet's bass voice part.
H. Isabel Graham studied piano, pipe organ, and harmony at the Toronto College of Music.
In September, 1973, Thevis and Roger Underhill used a pipe bomb to kill Jimmy Mayes, a former employee who had opened his own adult magazine shop.
Michael cuts into a water pipe to make an escape route and encounters a burned woman pleading for help.
As she attempts to escape through the water pipe, the masked man and un-dead hostages attack her.
This series saw the introduction of new obstacles used on the course - Silk Drop, Beam Cross, Pipe Climber, and Log Grip - as well as the use of UFO, Swing Circle, Swinging Frames, Double Tilt Ladder, Pole Rider, and Silk Slider.
Later on De Grasse took up the study of the pipe organ and in 1892 became an organist of the Presbyterian church, El Dorado.
Twenty tunes from this were copied by John Stokoe for the Newcastle Society of Antiquaries; these include the earliest known version of "The Keel Row", an elaborate fiddle variation set, as well as some fiddle settings of what seem to be Border pipe tunes.
(1982), the pipe burst scene (alias Lehrjahre II) derives from the book Werner – Normal ja!
The museum has also a pipe organ used in concerts, and a special exhibit on local-boy-turned-movie-star Andy Devine.
This pipe is now in the collection of the Hermitage Museum.
His strategy as a pipe specialist led him to move into the export market early on so the company would not depend on fluctuating domestic demand.
His first song was supported by his friend Pipe Calderon and his producer Dj Cano and made the song "En Busca Con Ella".
Designed by the architectural firm of Russ and Harrison, the Georgian-Colonial-style, red-brick church is noted for its architecture, pipe organ (one of the city’s largest), and formal parlor.
It is one of the largest pipe organs in Indianapolis and cost $26,800 when it was installed in 1952.
A drill string that must be assembled and disassembled in segments, such as pipe sections that must be screwed together, takes a long time to trip in and out; a cable which can be continuously winched up, or a drill string that is flexible enough to be coiled, significantly reduces tripping time.
When a conventional rotary rig is used for coring, the entire drill string must be hoisted out of the borehole each time the core is retrieved; each length of pipe in turn  must be unscrewed and racked.
The next season was spent in Boston studying musical composition and pipe organ with Whitney Eugene Thayer, and piano with William H. Sherwood.
Its main accompaniment instruments include Suona Horn, pipe, drum, gong, etc.
The fountain was officially opened by projector of water pipe Timofey Petrovich Kuska.
 2005 New Norcia textures : for trumpet & pipe organ
Beezhold was also involved with the Pipe Fitters Association, AFL-CIO.
The proposed site borders both the Moomba-Adelaide gas pipe and an electricity transmission line.
In 1929, prior to abandoning, the Kilgard branch was connected to the nearby BCER line to service the clay pipe factory and a lumber company.
 1″ BSP (British Standard Pipe Thread; OD: 1.882″; pitch: 11)
 2018: Bad Gyal – Pipe Calderón ft. Farina
Many technical problems can be modeled this way, including the flow of a liquid through a pipe and the flow of air over an airplane wing.
For Untold Tales, Glass Hammer replaced their original recording's pipe organ with a Hammond organ, and created a new bass line.
It was from that moment that she began to cultivate the image for which she was known: a sophisticated and reflective blonde woman who smoked a pipe and raced to crime scenes in a black Volkswagen convertible.
She was sodomized with a metal pipe and beaten to death.
 Image of a stamped lead pipe belonging to Lucius Acilius Strabo (U.S. Epigraphy Project website)
There were also at different times five taverns, three stores, two tanneries, four blacksmith shops, a pottery, a brewery, a wagon shop, a lead pipe factory and several weaver shops.
A mysterious force shoves her off of the porch and onto an exposed pipe, killing her.
The port inner engine caught fire due to a petrol escape from a ruptured pipe between the carburettor and oil dilution valve due to chafing.
The fuel pipe would then have been burnt away, which would have caused fuel starvation to the No.
At the Conservatoire de Paris, he studied counterpoint and fugue with Aimé Leborne and pipe organ with François Benoist.
Scientists have constructed different models to explain the thermal history in the early earth, such as the continental growth model, Icelandic rhyolites, intermediate igneous rocks, mafic igneous rocks, sagduction, impact melt, heat pipe tectonics, terrestrial KREEP and multi-stage scenarios.
From 1884 to 1886, he followed courses in music composition with Ernest Guiraud and pipe organ with César Franck at the Conservatoire de Paris (CNSM) where he won the first prize of organ in 1886.
He studied pipe organ with Louis Vierne and Marcel Dupré.
Meditation, for the reed or pipe organ.
Hypocaust heating was replaced by much simpler heating pipe systems.
A two-manual pipe organ by Matthew Copley was installed in 1997.
Lynn then uses the pipe to bludgeon Millier to death.
In the raid, police found two pipe bombs, made with black powder and filled with nails for shrapnel, as well as a draft of the letter sent to the State Department and detailed plans indicating a plot to bomb a commuter bus and the Atlantic Avenue subway station.
The relationship between DN and NPS pipe sizes are as follows.
Priscus has his origins in Pisa; not only were both the fragmentary inscriptions (one lost) used to define his career found in that city, a lead pipe stamped with his name proves he owned property in the town.
Additional groups, although not considered formal "divisions", also share knowledge, experience and other functions in preserving and presenting theatre pipe organs across Australia.
Epiney is also a pipe organ player.
The Municipal Castings Association is an organization made up of the following American manufacturers: Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company, D&L Foundry and Supply, US Foundry, EBAA Iron, EJ, McWane, Neenah Foundry, and Spring City.
On 21 October 2011, Guinness World Records confirmed the Vox Maris as the loudest pipe organ in the world, producing a reading of 138.4 dbA.
Later he said: "When the Revival tracklist came down the pipe, it was like overwhelmingly, 'This shit is going to be trash.'
His 1960 album for Columbia Records featured pipe organ.
Thereafter, he uses the water pipe outside his window to move around, to avoid Heloise.
 John Peragallo Jr. (1932–2008), the president of the Peragallo Pipe Organ Company
It was made of hollow iron pipe and braced with iron hoops.
Due to the chapel's 16 sides, it is home to a specially-designed pipe organ which hangs from its ceiling.
Among the objects used in these works are tools, machine parts, light switches, nails, springs, and pieces of pipe.
In 1741, to Lazaret in Meljine, a water pipe was installed from the Savina monastery next to it, which was a progressive innovation for that time.
The water here flows in a pipe from the source.
In 2014, a new pipe organ was purchased and installed in the balcony above the altar instead of in the back balcony where the previous organ was located.
At present, a broad scientific discussion is being held on this, as well as by pipe suppliers.
Lockett was born and raised in the Pipe Shop neighborhood of Bessemer, Alabama.
It is located in the parish of Pipe Aston, near the town of Ludlow, and is covered by Mortimer Forest.
Railings made up of two horizontal pipe rails with vertical steel bars in between run on each side.
 Platform Pipe from the Minneapolis Site, 14OT5, Dates: 1232 CE-1409 CE
The pipe organ was installed in 1915.
Deep Run is a tributary of Big Pipe Creek in Carroll County, Maryland in the United States.
An organ concerto is an instrumental piece of music for a pipe organ soloist with an orchestra.
The "Shepherd's Pipe Carol" is a modern Christmas carol composed by John Rutter.
Rutter stated that he believed his inspiration for writing it came from when he sang as a boy soprano during the opera "Amahl and the Night Visitors" and heard pipe music as the title character headed for Bethlehem with the Biblical Magi.
She was in the cadet pipe band as a child.
Tyler Pipe was later renamed Tyler Corporation as a result of its success.
Campbell was born on 21 July 1937 at Greepe, near Roag on the Isle of Skye, into a Crofting family known for their singing and pipe playing.
The term is used to denote that the dust "escapes" into the atmosphere rather than being exhausted in a "confined flow stream" from a "ducted emitter" (an exhaust pipe or chimney).
Blümcke and Hess attempted to run casing pipe down through the cavity, so that the water and cuttings could continue to come up to the surface, but this was unsuccessful, and would have been too expensive a solution to implement every time the problem occurred.
A series of attempts was made to drill holes in Saskatchewan Glacier and case them with aluminium pipe, for inclinometer studies.
The 495 m hole was the one cased with the aluminum pipe.
Kamb and Shreve subsequently drilled additional holes in Blue Glacier for tracking vertical deformation, suspending a steel cable in the hole instead of casing it with pipe.
When the hole reached 397 m, drilling stopped, since this was the length of the available pipe, although bedrock had not been reached.
The barrel for the test drill was made of a pipe formed from a sheet of steel, and this immediately solved the problem: the seam formed by the joining of the sheet's edges acted as a rib to drive the cuttings up the auger flights.
At approximately 7:20 a.m., during morning rush hour, a pipe bomb partially detonated in the New York City Subway's Times Square–42nd Street/Port Authority Bus Terminal station, within the underground passageway between the Seventh and Eighth Avenue subway lines.
Richard Arundell (1698-1759), who became MP for Knaresborough, Clerk of the Pipe, Surveyor of the Works and Master of the Mint.
 Fred H. Warren as Pipe Brooks
Aware 2, released in 1995, featured songs from artists who would go on to achieve significant success, including Better Than Ezra, The Verve Pipe, Vertical Horizon, Hootie & the Blowfish, and the Edwin McCain Band.
Hayworth measured the windows for curtains and a new stove and Welles considered laying gas pipe for use in the kitchen, but they were divorced in 1947 and never returned.
The ROP also oversees various police pipe and marching bands, which are based throughout the country.
Instead of brass and reed bands, the RCMP now sponsors eight regional pipe bands across the major cities of the 10 provinces.
Outside of the RCMP, pipe bands are also maintained in the various police departments throughout the country.
Galloway avoided a Warrior's Way by Ki and hit him with a pipe and then hit a Future Shock to Ki for the win.
After the match, Styles cut a pipe bomb, in which he criticized TNA management particularly Dixie Carter, calling her out for the next week's episode of Impact Wrestling.
The D.K.D.5 did not reach the Warsaw Second International Tourism Challenge as it was badly damaged in an emergency landing after a fuel pipe broke during its flight to Warsaw.
Possession of a pipe or any other equipment used to smoke cannabis is illegal and is punishable by a maximum sentence of 3 years in prison, and a USD$10,000 fine.
The two plants made many types of iron pipe, radiators, pumps, kitchenware, motor blocks and decorative ironwork.
A 1902 British ethnological work noted that cannabis was used in Uganda, only by men, and particularly smoked in a water pipe.
In 2018 he created a website called "Playing Keyboard Instruments in the 21st Century" in order to document his expertise in playing the pipe organ, the piano and synthesizers/keyboards.
For services to pipe bands.
The pipe was encased in a wooden box with hinged covers.
On February 2, 2014 a drainage pipe burst at a coal ash containment pond owned by Duke Energy in Eden, North Carolina, sending 39,000 tons of coal ash into the Dan River.
A storm pipe nearby the deposits of a coal ash slurry containment area broke and allowed for the leakage.
The pipe was made of concrete and corrugated metal and reason for the fracture cannot be identified.
They laid out a flag and beneath it they all sat with a Bible, pipe and tobacco, as was tradition in peace-making situations.
Vaughn was second for most of the race, holding a lead of around  ahead of Wurgis, but as they started the final lap, he dropped away and coasted to a stop on the back straight with a broken gasoline feed pipe.
Superior models could have a drawing-off tap, and a steam-escape pipe that lead into the flue.
This is to increase the ease of assembly in the field and allows for minor inconsistencies in pipe diameter.
The joint gap is the distance between the electrofusion fitting and the pipe material.
For services to pipe bands and the community.
One of his inventions was a timer for water taps which closed the tap automatically at a preset time, or shut down if low pressure was detected due to a burst pipe.
The most reliable sign of thrombosis (even when a good image and color is present) is the absence of compressibility - A vein cannot be compressed when the blood is in a solid state, as with a thrombus, in the same way that a rubber pipe cannot be compressed if the water inside is frozen.
A perimeter fence of extruded galvanised iron pipe has replaced an earlier timber fence and is not of cultural heritage significance.
St John's Church features a Nicholson & Co Ltd pipe organ, which was installed at a cost of £400,000 in 2011.
At a second crossing of Black Pipe Creek, it enters the northeastern part of both Jackson County and the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.
Hippolyte Bouchayer, Émile Cahen, Henri Cahen, Raymond Jarry and René Robard were all members of the board of TLH and of its Italian subsidiary Le Trafilerie e laminatoi di metalli, which produced copper wire and steel and copper pipe for the Italian market, particularly the Italian armed forces.
After what seems like eons, Reece finally delivers his major label debut and the phrases "bloody essential" and "stick this in your jazz pipe and smoke it, son" spring to mind."
A large diameter pipe was placed in the middle of the tea house.
A drawing of 1923 shows the three courses of stone or brick as a 'U' shape pierced by an overflow pipe that passed the holy waters into an old rectangular porcelain sink set into the ground.
She also founded the Broughton School Pipe Band, which she led for 27 years.
On finishing his apprenticeship, he worked for a pipe organ-building company in Boston and then spent three years in Calcutta as a carpenter for the Frederic Tudor Ice Company.
 BS 10 Tables of Pipe Flanges
Don Porcella is contemporary American multimedia artist, most known for his pipe cleaner sculptures and encaustic paintings.
The Crim family of Mount Tabor donated the funds for the First Presbyterian Church's Opus 1173 pipe organ.
Valves were opened by keyboard and the air flowing through the organ pipe generated the sound.
McArthur struck Henderson several times from behind with an iron pipe that he often carried.
A release of hydrogen sulfide () during repair work on a pipe killed two and injured four workers in August 2017.
Qiu Leng (;  ; born 29 September 1997) is a Chinese snowboarder, specializing in half pipe.
Details of the organ from the OHS Pipe Organ Database.
Details of the organ from the OHS Pipe Organ Database
The southern terminus of RM 1108 is at a pipe line boosting station in unincorporated Culberson County.
FM 1165 was designated on March 15, 1949, from FM 1108 eastward 6.2 miles to the Pipe Line Booster Station.
The Salinas Dam project included not only the construction of the dam itself, but also the construction of a one-mile long tunnel through the Santa Lucia Mountain Range, and 9.2 additional miles of 24 inch reinforced concrete pipe to route the water.
The river is formed by the confluence of the Pipe Strine and the Wall Brook.
The real theory behind this is the extraction of a collimated image, which is guided by Total Internal Reflection (TIR) through a waveguide pipe.
Because of these delays, the Committee faced new problems: the boiler went out, a pipe in the theatre burst, its funds dwindled to $3,000, and the cost of construction increased five percent.
An iron flue pipe lies to the northwest and the bases of two small square brick structures are located to the immediate northeast.
Artefacts distributed across the hospital site are generally highly fragmented, comprising scatters and small isolated pieces of ceramic (predominately domestic, with traces of possible medical earthenware), glass, butchered bone, brick and clay pipe.
A flange is first attached to the pipe, through which CISBOT drills an access hole.
In 2015 CISBOT received a "game changer" award from Robotics Business Review because of its significant improvement in the process used to fix pipe joints.
He divided the farm in four parts; one part remained Door de Kraal, one part he sold to Hume Pipe Company (This company mined clay in Bellville's Quarry), one part he gave his son JJH de Villiers (it was called de Bron) and the fourth part to PHT de Villiers (it was called Witboom).
The Colonel smokes a pipe and is fond of Coffee.
The rider and horse must jump over the pipe.
It turned out to be a homemade pipe bomb that exploded in front of her, tearing up her hand, thigh and shoulder, and sending scrap metal into her eye.
Water for the plant was secured by damming a branch of Catharine River and laying a pipe with natural gravity flow to a well in the boiler room.
The redesign of the loop heat pipe to prevent an anomaly, as seen in GOES-17, is not expected to delay the launch as it did with GOES-T.
 Smoking the Pipe, 1893 <ref>Reina Lewis, Gendering Orientalism (London and New York: Routledge, 1996).
The registers are connected to three FMA floating-point multiply and add units that can run in parallel, as well as two ALU arithmetical logical units handling fixed point operations and a divide and square root pipe.
Tokubei chokes with tears but pretends that smoke from his pipe has gotten in his eyes.
FHPP is also attempted under the water to reduce the peak temperature in components of high-strength line pipe X65 steels (Ref).
In the town there is a former clay pipe factory which is listed.
Initially, the keyboard of an instrument such as a pipe organ or harpsichord could only produce sounds of one particular volume.
The smaller palaces, such as the Kalamazoo State Theatre, would have had a chamber group or pipe organ.
The IDF published a video from an observation camera, showing the man hitting the fence with what seems to be a metal pipe when four other people stand behind him.
The Davis-Ferris Organ, built in 1847, is the oldest three-manual pipe organ that has escaped significant alteration in the United States.
Soriah's solo show at The Old Church in Portland featured Soriah accompanying his own vocals on a 20-foot-tall antique pipe organ, and was captured for his first CD release Chao Organica in A Minor (2006, Beta-Lactam Ring Records.)
Justin attempts to warn the pilot, Duncan Stewart (Benedict Wall), but a broken pipe leaks carbon dioxide into the cabin and everyone passes out.
The Billabong Pipe Masters, is an annual event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2017 World Surf League, it is the final event of the Triple Crown of Surfing.
Hinners Organ Company was an American manufacturer of reed and pipe organs located in Pekin, Illinois.
The majority of its pipe organs were stock models of two manuals and mechanical action, with electro-pneumatic instruments introduced in the 1910s.
Hinners began building pipe organs in 1890.
Unlike competitors who made each pipe organ by hand as a custom job, Hinners began building stock models and offering them by catalog without a sales force.
The company became a prolific manufacturer, building 10,000-20,000 reed and 2,000-3,000 pipe organs over its history.
The majority of pipe organs Hinners manufactured had two manuals with mechanical action, although many divided one-manual instruments were also made.
In a typical arrangement, a completed pipe organ would be shipped to the customer by rail or steamboat, and then a company employee followed to perform onsite installation.
Of the 30 Hinners pipe organs installed in North and South Dakota, more than all the company's competitors combined, only 15% survive.
Prominent examples that still survive include Hinners opus 1024 (1909), the oldest pipe organ original to the state of Oklahoma.
A 51 rank, four-manual pipe organ was constructed in the choir loft in 1987.
Pertamina denied any negligence in the spill, adding that the pipe had been inspected as recently as December 2017.
In 1971, the ship was chartered by Pipe Line Tankers and the vessel was registered in Montreal, Quebec.
 Tubipora musica Linnaeus, 1758 — Organ pipe coral
An oil pipe had come loose but despite this the engine had performed perfectly throughout.
In 1974 Sardinian singer Maria Carta presented it to the general public on the Canzonissima television show; in 1987 she performed it at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York, accompanied by a pipe organ.
 The Protester and the Pipe Organ (Iasi, "24 Hours Publishing House", 2016)
For services to mountain safety and pipe bands.
Hume Pipe Company mined clay and produced bricks.
Today, the Oaks Rink carries the tagline "Skaters Paradise" to accompany its 100 x 200 square foot (20,000 sq ft skating surface) Michigan maple floor and the last live Wurlitzer pipe organ to operate in a U.S. roller rink.
The rink is the world's only location where visitors can skate to music provided by a live pipe organ, as of 2009.
Hedberg's goal was to assemble an organ that contained every type of pipe and percussion that was ever available from the Wurlitzer organ firm, and to further his research into tremulant physics.
Credits adapted from liner notes.SleepAl Cisneros – vocals, bass, water pipe
Seia P. n. Fuscinilla, the sister of Seius Carus, named on a lead pipe discovered at Rome.
The Burst Pipe Dream is currently being redeveloped for a national seaside town tour in 2020.The Bureau of Silly Ideas collaborated with Brighton Festival for the event.
Esophagus –  The esophagus, (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), informally known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
He was to sit there between the rushing wings blowing a reed pipe out over Copenhagen".
Gustavo Santaolalla – bass, bass Harmonica, cuatro, guitarrón, keyboards, percussion, ronroco, tres, guitar, pipe
Twenty thousand chimneys fell in  Wellington and there was one death in Kelburn  when a 70-year old retired chemist Hedley Victor Evens was killed by coal gas from a fractured pipe.
In 1964 he participated in the Băneasa Air Show with his self-built IS-3 pipe fuselage glider.
Power Surge - Competitors must work their way through three tubes structure made of pipe and chain before they each sink into the water.
The pipe organ in the church was manufactured during the last decade of the 19th century and installed in the church in 1895.
Another special pump/PAT design is that of submersible units, which can possibly be fitted inside a pipe connected to draft tube exploiting small head differences in flowing rivers.
In the early 2000s, Papadakos started her annual Halloween Horror Tour, which brings silent film's classics, such as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Phantom of the Opera to life on the world's pipe organs.
Kaya's tiger smokes a cigar in lieu of the traditional Asian pipe to connect the historical with the contemporary.
On the same day, the police defused 31 pipe bombs.
The company manufactured pipe tobacco,   cigarettes, and charcoal.
Edgeworth tobacco products were introduced in 1903 and became the best selling pipe tobacco in its price class.
As more people began to smoke cigarettes, the company's profits from pipe tobacco began to decline and the company sought to diversify.
Visitors to the museum can see the map of the city with the scheme of the first water pipe, which was released in 1865, the old column, the first water meter in 1901, the hatches of the XIX century, the pre-revolutionary fire hydrant, etc.
By him the first water pipe was laid in Rostov-on-Don.
Rclone can pipe data between two completely remote locations, sometimes without local download.
The current designation of FM 1283 was first signed on August 22, 1951, running from State Highway 16 at Pipe Creek south for 3 miles to a county road.
Hugo Mayer Orgelbau is a German organ builder in Heusweiler, Saarland, building pipe organs in the third generation.
Dating from the time of the Ottoman rule, a water pipe was found near by the necropolis.
After establishing his name in the industry, Disini organized Techosphere Manufacturers and Recyclers Inc., which produced cigarette filters and pipe mixtures.
The pipe band was first founded by two Scottish immigrants Bob Ramsay and Jim Robbie, soon after arriving in Holyoke, and was initially connected to the Holyoke Caledonian Benefit Club.
Early in the band's history, it inspired the creation of the now second-oldest continuously operating pipe band.
He is mentioned in the Pipe Rolls of 1313 and in In 1319, acting for Roland Jorz, Archbishop of Armagh he confirmed the 
Two days later, on April 22, 2010, the drilling platform sank, severing the riser pipe at the seabed and initiating an uncontrolled discharge of oil and gas from the broken wellhead.
An agreement with the Adelaide organ-builder J. E. Dodd was reached in 1917 and a two-manual organ was duly installed in 1920 (UCA, Box 6, Pipe Organ accounts).
Others include the reinforced concrete "Monier" arches at Whites Creek and Johnstons Creek (White's Creek Aqueduct, 1897), the mass concrete/brick arches and iron pipe at Wolli Creek and Cooks River (Wolli Creek Aqueduct, 1895), and the Mosman Bay steel arch (1901).
In 1867 it was decided to re-arrange the bottom of Baikov Bridge pipe.
A 16-year-old Protestant teenager, Glen Hugh Branagh from Duncairn Gardens, was killed when a pipe bomb in his hand exploded prematurely.
Borehole geometry – e. g. affects type of logging and tools used (wireline, pipe conveyed or LWD).
1913 Transfer of screening operations from Potts Hill to Pipe Head.
Due to lack of funds the lining of the pipe was ceased until 1933 when funds were raised to complete the job.
For services to the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association (Northern Ireland) and to the community in Ballinamallard and Trillick.
Donald Greer Blair — For service to the community, and to pipe bands.
Anthony Edward Sell — For service to pipe bands.
He fixes a leaky pipe in "Nancy Goes to Work" where he's called "Grandpa Frank".
Many landowners along the old route worry that they will bear the financial burden for the decommissioned pipe, either through costs of cleanup, removal, or lost property value.
The archives of the Catholic Diocese of Bathurst include detailed drawings for alterations to the Cathedral, underpinning and stabilising the Sanctuary arch following removal of the wings from the columns either side, installation of gas pipe work and heaters in accordance with the requirements of the Bathurst Gas Authority.
The smallest trump - which has numerous regional names, such as the Little Man (der Kleine Mann), Pagat, Babberle, Goat (Geiß) or Pipe (Pfeif) - plays special roles.
The first pipe organ was built in 1949.
Coins can additionally be spent on one-use items to give the player certain advantages on the board, such as adding to one's own dice roll, subtracting from another player's dice roll, or using a golden pipe to be taken directly to the star.
Water was by run by pipe from the nearest of a number of dams and tanks installed by Grounds on the site.
Xhosa men and women (including non-smokers) carry a pipe in a beaded tobacco bag called ‘inxili’ as part of their traditional attire when they attend rituals and traditional functions.
Younger people of both sexes usually use a slim pipe of medium length.
The custom of each person using their own mouthpiece when sharing a pipe is not so much for reasons of hygiene but to prevent witchcraft since it is believed that a person can be bewitched through access to their body substances such as spittle and nail parings.
Diviners always use this pipe as a symbol of their profession, regardless of their age.
This pipe is only used by men.
Smoking This pipe is used in a number of Xhosa rituals such as the ‘umhlwayelelo’ ritual which is a propitiatory rite for the ‘river people’.
Parts of the heavily corroded galvanised steel supply pipe still lie on the ground between the pump site and the homestead.
The pipe plays Mavka’s voice, and Kilina makes Lukash to cut down a willow.
Well Number A-21 had reached a depth of  when, at 10:45 in the morning, the trouble began with a blowout when the drill pipe was removed from the hole.
The service outlet was carried through the main wall by a 24-inch cast- iron pipe, the entrance of which was formed by a tapering and rising brick culvert.
By tree-ring dating the water pipe could be dated to the year 163 AD.
Works for the augmentation of water storage at Botany continued throughout the 1870s including the addition of water stored in the Bunnerong Dam (1876–1877) by way of a pipe to the No 4 Pond.
This infrastructure includes use of the former Engine House chimney as a sewer vent, the viaduct to carry the vent pipe, Sewage Pumping Station No 38 of 1916 near the Engine House ruins and part of the SWSOOS Nos 1 and 2 mains.
In addition to playing the pipe organ for the First Congregational Church (Portland, Oregon), she became an associate editor with The Choir Herald, and continued to compose music into her early 80s.
Its first couple of years were turbulent, with the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers and the Operative Society of Mechanical Heating and Domestic Engineers, Whitesmiths, Ironworkers, and Pipe Fitters both joining, but the Irish General Railway and Engineering Union and the Electrical Trades Union both splitting away.
In 1969, after a pipe broke in the basement, the cases were brought out and opened.
Prop for pipe cutting.
This catwalk also has a metal pipe handrail.
Pipe Dream, winner of the 1962 Railway Stakes.
On 14 May the attackers occupied Fabric and destroyed the drinking water supply pipe to the fortress.
There is no footway, but there is a timber handrail except on the lift span which has a pipe handrail.
After coming home from the dance performance for their daughter, Brandi Worley went to the Walmart in Crawfordsville, IN under the pretense of needing to buy pipe cleaners for a school project for their son, Tyler.
Three of these divers made it to Chamber 3, joining waiting rescuers when the pumps shut off for an uncertain reason, possibly due to a burst water pipe.
240, which authorized the purchase of a water pipe line connecting to Roslyn Place.
The steam was supplied from the steam engine through a pipe.
 Maurice Duruflé (harmony and pipe organ)
On one New Year the old hunter tells two middle-school students the story of how Stalin presented his tobacco pipe to one hunter for help with his escape from exile.
The guys are interested in this story and they decide to find this pipe.
She is pursuing a career of soloist, mastering the pipe organ, the piano-forte and the harpsichord.
Anna von Hausswolff – vocals, pipe organ, Mellotron
Movement was generated by hydraulic rams actuated by the high pressure water from the pipe runs.
The internal plant of the Engine House was scrapped, although some relics remain in the form of minor electrical fittings, engine bases, pipe sections, wall ladders and floor gratings, while some elements of the hydraulic ram overrun equipment are retained in the accumulator towers.
There are three headstones remaining which have been enclosed by a fence of wire, pipe and white painted concrete posts.
After that, The street performer sees both Oswald and the girl, and comically scales up a pipe in order to reach them.
The Haunted Mansion:  In the stretching room, Mickey dons a top hat and a mischievous grin as the various happy haunts appear on the castle, with Mickey playing the pipe organ.
The vestry is located on the ground floor with the organ chamber above, although there is no pipe organ present.
Mario would have set to appear from a Warp Pipe, with appearances from well-known video game characters including Pac-Man, Pikachu from Pokémon and Sonic the Hedgehog, and anime characters Hello Kitty, Tsubasa Oozora from Captain Tsubasa, Doraemon and Goku from Dragon Ball.
In 1888 the pipe organ was added.
John M. Healy of Chicago provided pipe for the water system, and laid it.
There is no exact introduction year of pipe bands in the Indian military forces.
Since then, Sikh Pipe bands have been a part of the Sikh Regiments that were established under British rule.
A pipe band was established earlier in the CRPF in 1952.
For example, the 12 Assam Rifles has a pipe band that was raised in Wokha in 1959.
As the Old Sing, So the Young Pipe is a 1638–1640 painting by Jacob Jordaens, now in the musée des beaux-arts de Valenciennes.
It is one of the few surviving pipe organs in the UK that were built by the French organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811–99).
In 2015 the national-heritage significance of the instrument was recognized by the award of a Grade 1 Historic Organ certificate by the British Institute of Organ Studies, the UK's amenity society for the pipe organ.
The three pipe towers are connected by two-story flat fields.
Acanthus foliage is located on the case above the flat fields and encloses the entire Rückpositiv above and below the pipe fields.
External walls are constructed out of randomly coursed sandstone and pale "Chromatex" bricks manufactured by Punchbowl Brick and Pipe Co. while internal walls are constructed out of timber stud framing.
The pipe organ is the only one of its kind in the Southern hemisphere.
Most notable amongst these is the Pipe Head Deck, comprising the basin and screening chambers, located at the end of the Lower Canal.
(This was part of the  line from Prospect to Potts Hill with a  offtake to Pipe Head).
The Upper  main from the Upper Canal, constructed in 1937, passes to the south of the Pipe Head Deck and has a cross-connection to the No.
A steel pipe arbour and a circular flat lawn area are west of the main building.
Since the Dural application was unsuccessful, application was made to Saint Alban The Martyr Anglican Church, St Albans, to purchase their 1890 Telford and Telford pipe organ.
Pilgrims were offered a range of religious souvenirs: pilgrim horns made of clay, pilgrim flasks made of white pipe clay and, most of all, pilgrim badges made of tin or lead.
The NYPD is regarded as one of the foremost American police department pipe and drum bands, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, described the 95-member band in 2005 as the band that, "sets the standard nationwide."
Here he has depicted himself as the father seen in the right side of the canvas who is teaching his younger son to smoke a pipe.
A younger child is helping herself to something from a cabinet and her young brother is trying out a pipe.
Currently each of the nine Permanent Defence Force infantry battalions has a pipe band trained by the School of Music.
In 1877 a William Davidson pipe organ was installed on the northern side of the nave, adjacent to the chancel arch.
It has attracted considerable interest from the Organ Historical Trust of Australia, and has the potential to provide information as to the fabric and design of colonial pipe organs.
The third (western) sewer pipe of welded mild steel was laid in 1929.
Toole drove to Biloxi, Mississippi, parked his car, and connected a garden hose to the exhaust pipe for a death by carbon monoxide poisoning.
According to the Offenbach police, the decedent was washed ashore by a sewage pipe.
This results in stove pipe designs that lack back compatibility.
The murder weapon was estimated to have been an iron pipe by head of Tanta's Forensic Medicine Department, Nagwa Zakaria.
Brick steps and pipe rail added at south end of accommodation wing.
Five years later in 1828 he did the same (leaving his 24-year-old son, George in charge of Brush Farm), Gregory took a pipe of wine (105 gallons) and won a Gold Ceres medal at the Society's 1828 awards.
Mark Turner, the special effects coordinator, explained that the ambulance hits a pipe ramp on the dual carriageway, causing it to flip in an anti-clockwise position.
Water was first brought in from outside the city in 1676, when a  lead pipe was installed from springs at Comiston, now a suburb to the south of the city.
The outlet arrangements for Torduff and Loganlea were similar to those at Harlaw, with two outlets, although the bottom outlets fed into tunnels cut through solid rock, but at Clubbiedean, the outlet was a single cast iron pipe buried beneath the dam.
In 2006, they were invited, together with the Queensland Police Pipe Band and 4 bands from the newly formed Royal Regiment of Scotland to perform at Balmoral Castle for the Royal Family.
They have won the premier division of the South African championships on numerous previous occasions and in 2019, were considered the best pipe band in South Africa.
As per regimental traditions, the Kimberley Regiment Pipe Band adheres to its distinctly Scottish traditions, which is evident in the uniforms and regimental culture.
These have included the abandoned 16th Street train station and the Pacific Pipe warehouse, both in Oakland.
In the stitching technique, quills were woven through flat fabrics and the third method, which New Holy rarely used as it was typically for men's objects like pipe stems and tampers, was to braid the quills.
In the centre of the enclosed garden is a rough arbour of timber and pipe supporting Chinese wisteria (W.sinensis).
The water flows from a carved grotesque mask that has had at some point been fitted with a pipe that once brought the water to the entrance area and allowed the easy filling of jugs, etc.
A third pipe was added in 1881, carried by a steel trussed girder bridge on sandstone piers.
Podvizhny served with the fleet until 1949, when two crewmen were killed and the boat seriously damaged when the main steam pipe exploded during exercises.
By 1941 the farm consisted of house, cleared paddocks, wharf and shed, an irrigation system for orcharding (the feeder pipe, pump and holding tank for which survive) and a trolley track for loading produce (only fragments survive).
He introduced the Meerschaum pipe to London and bought a mine in Crimea to supply sepiolite for these.
 Prélude religieux for pipe organ
In it there is a filer pump which is part of an integral irrigation system comprising well (at the foreshore) pipe to the holding tank, and a distribution pump under the house (electric billabong) of pre-World War II vintage.
Backed by New York merchants such as Stephen Delancey, the voyages were immensely profitable: a pipe of Madeira wine bought for £19 in the American colonies sold for £300 on Madagascar.
When the police asked how they had died, Koivunen told them that while they slept, someone had dug up the hose from the car's back and connected it through the exhaust pipe to the back of the car.
By the last quarter of the 19th century, magazines carried advertisements for different brands of cigarettes, snuff, and pipe tobacco.
The cost to replace a broken water inflow pipe in the valley was estimated at $100,000.
St John's Uniting Church and Pipe Organ is a heritage-listed Uniting church at Yeo Street, Neutral Bay, North Sydney Council, New South Wales, Australia.
The pipe organ was installed in 1912, the manse built in 1920, and the school hall in 1923.
St John's Uniting Church and Pipe Organ was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Rough cast plaster over masonry, flat roofed (with iron pipe balustrading).
 Anna Nedospasova – harpsichord, clavichord, pipe organ, recorder
Edwin Chadwick had championed glazed pipe sewers for connections to houses, despite opposition from engineers, and Newlands adopted these.
By October 1992, 6 of the 28 outfalls in Liverpool had been linked to the works, and a hydrological survey showed that the outfall pipe was required.
This surpassed previous records of $20.8 million for his 1915 work, Livre, pipe et verres, and $28.6 million for the 1913 painting, Violon et guitare.
Although many of the Luftwaffe personnel smuggled letters or provided food for the prisoners, their commanding officer, a Luftwaffe major, was known for beating prisoners with an aluminium pipe.
NTSB investigators found a dent on the bottom of the pipe in the rupture area.
The pipe was manufactured in 1951.
Contributing to the failure was the loss of pipe coating integrity.
The rupture in the pipe measured six inches by three inches.
The pipe was installed in 1975.
The explosion ejected a  section of the pipe from the crater, in three pieces measuring approximately , , and  in length.
The cause of the failure was severe internal corrosion of the pipe, which was manufactured in 1950.
On September 26, 2000, at Mission, Texas, a Kinder Morgan 12-inch diameter pipe ruptured due to external corrosion.
The pipe was manufactured in 1960.
Leonda was a community, now extinct, in Pipe Creek Township, Miami County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The gardens are equipped with a pipe irrigation system.
The eight-inch diameter pipe was manufactured in 1956.
The pipe was manufactured in 1954.
 Sanctus - mixed choir and pipe organ
1911 - Church records indicate that the pipe organ was reconstructed and that repairs were carried out to the church, manse and fence.
The pipe was manufactured in 1949.
Low frequency ERW pipe seam failure was suspected as the cause.
Investigators found a Northern Natural Gas pipe exposed in the river bottom.
A crack in the pipe had developed at a dent.
Stress corrosion cracking was identified as the pipe failure's cause.
The longitudinal crack was attributed to external corrosion; the pipe had been installed in 1943.
External corrosion and stress corrosion cracking were seen in this 26-inch diameter pipe, which had been manufactured in 1956.
Pipe handrail adjacent to ramped entry adjacent to the back door
After the accident, the National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation (National Fuel) probed the ground near the residence for gas leaks and found combustible readings in one area adjacent to the house, and in another area directly over the failed pipe on the front lawn.
The two-manual pipe organ was built by the London firm, J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd, in 1874, at the cost of £800.
The pipe was just two years old at the time.
Initially, the bolts and nuts were replaced around the flange to mitigate any leaks; on August 25, when supply concerns diminished, the insulating flange was cut out and replaced with a straight section of pipe.
The pipe was manufactured in 1944.
Incomplete fusion of a longitudinal weld at the pipe maker that failed as pressure cycled was established as the cause.
On January 30, a crew using a boring drill hit a natural gas pipe in Arlington, Texas.
As he continues to threaten, Demarco's spirit attacks him and brutally kills Penda by removing his innards out of his body, raising his body and slamming it down on a large pipe.
Although catalyzed by the hiring of cost-cutting water consultancy Veolia in 2012, and an unauthorized change of anti-erosion chemicals in 2014, this spike in lead concentration has roots in decades of lead pipe erosion.
While the pipe removal process is underway, the PWSA has decided to add orthophosphate to the water as a means of reducing lead corrosion.
The cause was listed as a pipe seam failure.
On January 4, 2009, a 6.625-inch storage well line operated by Columbia Gas Transmission Company in Elk View (near Charleston), Kanawha County, West Virginia, ruptured due to internal corrosion pitting, complicated by low impact toughness of the pipe material, causing $29,011 in damage.
ET on February 19, the release had been stopped from the pipe.
The pipe was manufactured in 1959.
Several indications of pipe deformation were found.
John Crang (1710-1774) was a maker of keyboard instruments and pipe organs in London in the mid eighteenth century.
The pipe was manufactured in 1967.
The pipe was manufactured and installed in 1970.
On September 28, a repair crew was working on a corroded gas pipe in Cairo, Georgia, when the line exploded.
It took 6 hours for the pipe system to blow down.
 Concerto for pipe organ and orchestra, 1958
It is also one of the largest nineteenth century pipe organs in NSW.
The pipe organ was designed by Henry Pilcher & Sons of Louisville, Kentucky.
The pipe was wrapped around the methane generator with an inlet for cold water and an outlet for hot water.
Speculation involves high water flow in the Yellowstone River may have scoured the river bed and exposed the pipe.
PG&E later found six other plastic pipe failures near the blast site.
PG&E has  of the early-1970s-vintage pipe in its system.
A 47-foot section of the pipe was hurled more than 200 feet from the failure area.
She performed a medley of songs alongside mariachi singers Christian Nodal and Pipe Bueno.
In February 2015, the company acquired Ideal Pipe of Ontario for $45 million.
 The MacWomble's Pipe Band with Elisabeth Beresford (1976)
Around 10 a.m. on May 24, 2018, while performing another search of Chalamont Park, police discovered skeletal remains in a drainage pipe in the vicinity where Steppach's car had been discovered.
Pumpyansky started as a metals trader, then ran several metal factories, then took over the Sinarsky Pipe Factory.
During a raid by federal agents, various items were found, which, according to FBI bomb expert Robert Heckman, could have been assembled into a pipe bomb with lethal potential.
But over the years, more mainstream sounds and approaches have infiltrated the style -- to the point that "hardcore metal" groups have actually scored honest to goodness hit albums on the Billboard charts (which back in the '80s, would have seemed like a pipe dream).
The church contains a fine collection of leadlight windows, original furnishings, original gas light fittings and a pipe organ (1909) by the London firm of Norman and Beard.
Shed 1: single-storey, pitched roof bush pole, timber slab and corrugated galvanised iron, steel mesh, and pipe construction with granolithic paving and display area for birds, mid to late 20th century.
A pipe organ of three manual, and one pedal, divisions; Mechanical action to the manuals, tubular pneumatic to the pedals.
She battles the red bugs using a pipe with kemurikusa tied to the top.
The two were indicted on felony charges related to drug possession and Doak with third-degree domestic violence on September 13, 2019, though later reports do not mention a needle being found in Geno's possession, only the pipe, which June reportedly told police belonged to her.
The stream runs in a pipe under the cobbled yard in front of the building.
The pipe, manufactured in 1965, ruptured due to external corrosion.
The pipe, manufactured in 1961, failed due to corrosion.
Contributing to the poor condition of the corrosion protection systems was the rocky backfill used around the buried pipe.
Hook cracks and extremely low impact toughness in the LF-ERW seam of the pipe were identified as causes of the failure.
220 feet of the pipe was ejected from the ground.
His works include a significant body of lithographs and etchings showing steelworkers, pipe workers, and other aspects of American industrial life, carefully composed compositions depicting "the daily heroism of America's industrial workers.”  Allen was also a prolific illustrator who, working mostly in oil, contributed numerous illustrations to stories in popular magazines of the day.
There is a pipe drain down the middle which dishcharges at the springing level.
Due to the amount of pressure, precautionary measures were taken so pipe wouldn't rupture under the road while Southern Natural Gas tried to determine the cause of the leak.
A geotechnical survey conducted by Pennsylvania Soil and Rock determined that the failed pipe was installed across a transition area or "head wall" of an old underground mine and surface strip mine.
Near the failure, investigation showed that the pipe had lost about 80% of its thickness due to external corrosion.
A 60-foot section and a 30-foot section of pipe were ejected and landed about 60 feet and 100 feet away from the failure site, respectively.
The pipe was manufactured in 1952.
The pipe was installed in 1963.
Investigation found a longitudinal split in the pipe about 55 feet long along an ERW seam, but the failure was from stress corrosion cracking.
The pipe was installed in 1972.
The leading eye of the tool struck the inside of a long radius 45-degree elbow, puncturing the pipe and resulting in a rupture.
For ten years, comments Barbara Hanawalt, the pipe rolls "benignly enter payments to the king from his 'dear and faithful' John FitzWalter".
It has been secured by wire mesh and pipe fencing along the rail side.
In 2003, the company's founder, Jason Harris, who is considered by Leafly one of the top 11 glass artist who changed the cannabis glass art game, was arrested by federal law-enforcement officers in a sting operation called Operation Pipe Dreams for making and distributing paraphernalia.
The cause was from external corrosion of the pipe.
The pipe was installed in 1964.
On 17 June Talybont was on patrol off Cherbourg when she was damaged by a near miss from German shore batteries (claimed to be from a 170 mm shell) rupturing a steam pipe and knocking out a boiler room.
Mysterio then appeared, struck Lesnar with a steel pipe, and later challenged Lesnar for the WWE Championship at Survivor Series, which was made official.
The father and son then attacked Lesnar with a steel pipe and steel chair, respectively, and then performed double 619's and dual Frog Splashes on Lesnar for a near-fall.
In 1996 sand and stones were placed around the pipe to protect it from damage.
Her bequest was used to restore the church's 19th century pipe organ.
He also played in the Glasgow Shepherds pipe band under Archie MacPhedran.
Sattler Theater (1914) for retail tycoon John G. Sattler 512 - 516 Broadway in Buffalo It became the Broadway Theater had a pipe organ installed and eventually served as a mosque and church.
Although the country has tried to make progress concerning infrastructure the pipe sewerage is still relatively low compared to Chile, Colombia, and Mexico.
The cause was internal corrosion of the pipe.
A brittle-like crack was found on the pipe in an area of coating failure.
Issues causing the rupture were found to be previous pipe damage by excavation, an incorrectly set up pressure relief valve, unexpected repeated remote valve closures, and new software tests on the live controlling computer.
The pipe had been damaged by third party activity.
Canon Henri Carol (18 January 1910 – 23 September 1984) was a French organist, improviser, chef de chœur, composer, and pipe organ teacher.
For services to education and pipe bands.
He was crowned champion in the Sunset Pro Junior, Papara Pro Junior Tahiti and Pipe Pro Junior while claiming the runner-up position in the Hurley Surf Club Pro Junior.
This list of rampage killers lists mass murders where the perpetrator used only hand grenades or comparable explosive devices, like pipe bombs or dynamite sticks, for the attack.
The three sons studied at Cambridge and studied pipe organ under the great masters in Europe.
From October 22 to November 1, 2018, sixteen packages found to contain pipe bombs were mailed via the U.S.
According to the Associated Press, a law enforcement official said tests have determined that white powder found inside an envelope delivered to CNN, along with a pipe bomb, was not viable.
On October 26, Trump claimed that news coverage of the pipe bombs targeting Democratic politicians and critics of his policies had drowned out other news stories and slowed Republican voting in the mid-term election.
Free to do as he pleases at last, Tom swims, plays, takes up smoking a corncob pipe (with Huck's encouragement) and enjoys the leisurely life for three days.
It is constructed of a gourd body with 5 to 7 bamboo tubes protruding from the body, and a bamboo pipe set at a right angle to the gourd.
Subsequently, he went to work at the Pipe Rolling Mill in Chomutov as a technical draughtsman.
(A pipe was also offered and stolen) The items are now in the possession of Trolle-Ljungby CastleOrigin of the Noble Name of Trolle , Småland, Sweden.The Fairy Banquet, East Yorkshire, England.
According to a press release from the Plastics Pipe Institute, "PE piping has been used for water and other fluids in Europe and America since the 1950s due to its durability, leak free joints, resistance to corrosion, and long-term cost-effectiveness."
There is no need to use rubber seals or jointing chemicals, as is used for joining PVC pipe, which cause environmental health issues and increase the chance of failure over time.
This provides major cost savings, when compared to different pipe systems, some of which require glued fittings, restraints or thrust blocks for even minor changes in direction.
HDPE pipe has very high flow capacity, because of its smooth bore and end-to-end jointing methods.
The wall thickness of the pipe is determined by a combination of the size of the die, speed of the screw and the speed of the haul-off tractor.
Coloured or striped HDPE pipe is usually 90-95% black material, with just a coloured skin or stripe on the outside 5%.
Because polyethylene has a high specific heat capacity, the pipe must be cooled in stages, to avoid deforming the shape, and by the time it reaches the "haul-off tractor", it is hard enough to be gently pulled by the 2-3 belts.
A different die is used for striped HDPE pipe, which has small channels that the coloured material runs through, just before it is pushed through the die.
HDPE pipe has been used in rural and mining environments in Australia for over 50 years, proving to be a very durable and effective means of fluid and gas transfer.
In fact, these pipe systems can be reasonably expected to last up to or more than 100 years.
For pipe systems that have been correctly manufactured and installed, the actual life cannot be predicted, but can be expected to be over 100 years until major rehabilitation is needed.
The Queensland Police Pipe Band makes its first public appearance on 29 August at a passing-out parade at the Petrie Terrace Police Depot.
The range trends northwest from near the Mexican border at , east of Quitobaquito Springs northwestward out of the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument to the tallest summit then turns westward to the vicinity of , south of the eastern end of the Agua Dulce Mountains.
He died in Iraq at the K3 Pipe Line Station near Haditha in December 1935.
On 6 February 1972, a Gasunie natural gas distribution pipe in Ravenstein was bombed, causing an enormous explosion and mushroom cloud and large-scale evacuations around the town.
carbon dioxide dispersal via boat can also occur by a pipe attached to the ship injecting a dilute carbon dioxide mixture into the water column.
Theoretically, if we assume future anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide drop drastically and only 0.37 Gt of liquid carbon dioxide were to be injected each year through a towed pipe, only 1% of the ocean would be affected.
and commercials including SAMCO Kisan Pipe and Cello Pen Maxtreme.
In 2016, she wrote a play titled All Those Pipe Dreams, which revolved around a typically Goan family who had just bought and moved into an old mansion.
Revised pipe and rod arrangement.
They dance round him while he plays on a pipe, but he remains inconsolable.
But Rougier returned to his favourite instrument, the pipe organ and, after an experience as assistant at the Church of Saint-Sulpice and as appointed organist at the Dominicains convent of the rue du Faubourg-Saint-Honoré in Paris he became a titular in several parishes in Lyon such as Saint-Irénée, Saint-Polycarpe and Saint-Pothin.
Additionally, they obtained permission to have ships, steamers and barges berth at the quay, and installed a pipe to supply oil.
The church also houses a pipe organ.
 Pipe Rolls for Cumberland, Durham and Westmorland (1847)
A fire broke out under the Brindley & Foster pipe organ, installed in 1875, shortly after 6.00am on Tuesday 13 February 1877, and much was destroyed apart from the outer walls, tower and vestry, which were saved by a "contingent from the barracks", or about a hundred men from the 6th Carabiniers commanded by Colonel Napier.
Peterson quickly drives to Frankie's house and attacks him, handcuffing him to a pipe and chastising Loretta.
Oman currently sports what is the only camel mounted pipe band.
Internally, the principal room was the Great Hall: a pipe organ, made by Henry Willis & Sons, was installed in the hall in October 1978.
In addition to her work as visual artist, she has written four novels since 2010, her debut work Horse, Pipe and Red Flower (title is an allusion to the same-named picture by Joan Miró) received the Mali Nemo Award.
22 St. George's pipe, with the words "Fere-Champenoise."
The cooling system includes a double-sided cooling fan for air intake that is 120 mm in diameter and 45 mm thick, and a large heat sink with a standard heat pipe design that Sony says has a "shape and airflow [which] make it possible to achieve the same performance as a vapor chamber".
His search leads him to the Pipe Cat.
In 2019, Marshall and Pipe crowdfunded All The Stations Ireland, where they spent three weeks visiting all 198 railway stations in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland during March and April 2019.
 ISO 2284:2017 Hand taps for parallel and taper pipe threads — General dimensions and marking
The School's Pipe Organs
Kamini then tries to remove her clothes, but the delivery girl wakes up and restrains her, so Kamini hits her on the head with the pipe and scampers off to the sound of two locals entering the building.
This construction, however, subtly alters the tone of the pipe, causing it to adopt a slightly string-like tone.
She has served on the board of directors for the Leupold Foundation, a charity for pipe organ music and culture, and also is active in the Southern Plains Chapter of the American Guild of Organists.
In 1748 he was appointed to a life sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe worth about £500 p.a.
Hugh Mervyn Herron — For services to the Royal Scottish Pipe Band Association Northern Ireland.
In 1901 a large pipe organ was installed in the Grand Hall by Norman and Beard, under the direction of Hugh Blair, the borough's Director of Music.
During a second raid, a nearby bomb explosion sent splinters that punctured a superheated steam pipe in a boiler room and the shockwave damaged two boilers; the steam scalded three sailors, one of whom died of burns and three others were wounded by splinters.
Indonesian police found two pipe bombs inside a handphone outlet in Bekasi, West Java.
During the 1980s, a pipe was installed in the cave, diverting the water that originated the waterfall to a nearby farm.
 ISO 22306:2007 Fibre-reinforced cement pipe, joints and fittings for gravity systems
The pipe organ was built by Forster and Andrews and opened on 15 December 1886 by Thomas Barker Mellor of All Saints' Church, Bakewell.
The pipe organ was installed by Forster and Andrews in 1850.
HYSY 202 (Hai Yang Shi You 202) is a non self propelled, shallow water pipe laying barge, owned by CNOOC, the national oil exploration company of China.
2015 –The use of Polyethylene Plastic Pipe for Class 3 applications is incorporated into Mandatory Appendix XXVI of ASME Section III.
Scott released 16 of the weakest captives, sending them with a message that the remaining prisoners could be recovered if the Native Americans would report to the U.S. fort on the Great Miami River to "bury the hatchet and smoke the pipe of peace."
In a chair behind her, her father smokes a pipe and reads a newspaper.
A 24 set pipe mechanical Hook and Hastings organ, built in Boston, MA in 1888, was acquired for the Church at a cost of $ 250.000 and restored to working condition.
The pipe organ, recently restored by Wijwand Van der Pol, has elements from a previous organ made by Domenico Bevenuti in 1582 and Domenico Densi in 1721.
The content is possibly part of a series related to the five senses, with the pipe smoker in the painting representing the sense of smell.
He was charged with attacking barber, Jon Erik Baez-Molano, at the Custom Kuts establishment in Winter Haven, Florida on July 28, 2017, with a metal pipe and a piece of wood.
The PGR regarded him as one of the five most-wanted fugitives in Mexico, and believed he owned a pipe trailer company, though it was unclear if he used strawpeople to manage it.
During 1956, Westcoast Transmission built a 1,290-foot natural gas pipe crossing the Fraser, immediately west of the reserve on the north bank, and the township on the south one.
In later years, the spring-water emerged from a pipe.
The community requested its own water pipe, its own school, a better street network and street lighting.
Instead, the wagons were reallocated for pipe traffic as sewage, gas and water supply systems were extended around the state.
It is a creosote and wood-frame construction, built by the Montezuma Canal Co. and the Continental Pipe Manufacturing Co.
Bewley was also a lead pipe maker.
In one a tooth evulsion is taking place while under a tree a group of men are gathered around a fire sharing a clay pipe.
After Wyatt's death, she wrote him that she was sending him Wyatt's handgun, a shotgun, pipe, and wedding ring.
July - A report by the United States National Park Service concludes that 22 archaeological sites in the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument are threatened by the LP construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
The Royal Cavalry Mounted Band is the world's only camel mounted pipe band.
Rodrick John Parker – For significant service to community music through pipe and drum bands.
Santo is credited with playing Hammond organ, pipe organ, and percussion on the record.
Siegfried Reda (27 July 1916 – 13 December 1968) was a German composer and pipe organ player.
After arriving at Lansdowne, she used a shortcut towards her home, and when she reached an isolated section of it, Lineveldt struck her down, bound her wrists with one of her stockings before dragging her to the farm fence, where he raped and brutally beat her with a metal pipe.
At about 10:15 AM, a young European woman was washing her clothes in front of the house and had to enter inside for some reason, and, upon emerging, was struck on the head by Lineveldt with the metal pipe.
Stage 3 featured three new obstacles, Grip and Tip, Iron Summit and Pipe Dream.
A wooden water supply pipe connected the Friedberger Feld to the Friedberger Tor from 1607.
After the Cat damages the pipe enough times, he will obtain a portion of the Crab Lock needed to seal his crate.
Sometime later, Michonne and Daryl wake up bloodied and tied to a pipe, and realize that Jocelyn has brainwashed the children to be vicious and nearly feral.
To put an end to this, he went into her house on 29 April, and killed her with a self-made lead pipe.
After Veil questions Uchimara over a pipe of highly potent THC-laced narcotics, she makes it clear she is attracted to dangerous men, and they have sex.
The sulfur evaporated and passed through the pipe to cool down and poured into molds.
After 1882 the 1st Banff AVC was one of the few Scottish artillery corps to have a Pipe band, which wore the Duff tartan of its Honorary Colonel.
Vernon married Margaret, daughter of Sir William Swynfen of Pipe.
The Galston Congregational Church Pipe Organ is separately listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register.
This organ-building firm was later acquired by Estey Organ Co., and Haskell became superintendent of the Estey pipe organ division, which was located in Vermont.
It was invented for the Estey organ company, which manufactured many pipe organs, despite its focus on reed organs.
This was later replaced with a stone pipe with an average width of about 1.7 meters and a height of 2 to 2.6 meters.
In February and May 2007, the meme is referenced in the web series Super Mario Bros. Z, with Drummond's voice clip being used to represent the speech of the Red Axem Ranger X in "Brawl on a Vanishing Island", and referenced by Goombella in "Secret of the Pipe Maze".
The ferrous metallurgy production of the country started to meet the demand of oil and gas industry (due to pipe production) and grew further in order to improve other branches of the industry.
Following Kiera's eviction, the HouseGuests were gutted in the Pipe Dream Head of Household competition.
If they fall off their pipe, they will be eliminated.
The percussion battery consists of vibraphone, glockenspiel, marimba, crotales, cowbells, bass drum, tom tom, conga, two bongo drums, suspended cymbal, two brake drums, four woodblocks, and high metal pipe.
Spongia botryoides Ellis & Solander, 1786,  orange pipe sponge.
Personnel of the Regular Force who wish to be qualified to as a pipe major have to attend a year long course at the CFSM in order be appointed to the post.
Removable insulation blankets for freeze prevention: used to prevent subfreezing temperatures from affecting an indoor or outdoor component or pipe.
The burst happened on an old pipe, which was repaired the previous year.
Scheme E11 on the other hand he estimated would cost £11,700, of which only £1,300 need be regarded as temporary work, being the estimated cost of race and depreciation on pipe line.
In 2010, a joint European project, TestPEP, was started to develop and validate ultrasonic NDE techniques on plastic welded pipe.
For butt welded plastic pipe, TestPEP proposed the use three different ultrasonic techniques.
One of the concerns is that although N-755 requires that NDE be conducted on pipe welds, it does not specify the method or acceptance criteria.
Defects were modeled using notches and holes in the outside of the pipe.
However, they were unable to identify small defects in the plastic lined metal pipe due to the strong reflection from the metal.
Portland Pipe Line Corp. v. City of South Portland is a lawsuit filed on February 6, 2015, in the United States District Court for the District of Maine.
The anterior aperture (thinnest end) is circular and is occluded by a septum with a central pipe bearing a circular orifice.
The Verve Pipe (Barrie)
Through the course, MUI lost its pipe with the government, prompted them to be an independent organization.
The organ originated in 3rd century BCE Alexandrian Egypt by fusing a pan pipe with a keyboard.
According to foreign visitors of the city, the aqueduct was in a good condition still carrying water until the 17th century when the city incorporated a water pipe supply system, rendering its use obsolete.
Lika scored the critical hit of the battle when one of her 66-millimeter shells broke Turbines steam pipe and caused her to rapidly lose speed.
One of the hits broke her main steam pipe which caused her to slow to a stop and the others set her on fire; she sank shortly before dawn.
She wears an African Bakongo hat, but wears European jewelry and carries a European pipe in her sash.
When the coast artillery  branch of the RA was abolished on 31 October 1956, the regiment converted to the light anti-aircraft role and was reduced into 861 (Orkney & Zetland) Independent Light Anti-Aircraft Battery, RA, with its HQ and two Troops at Lerwick, one Troop and the pipe band on Orkney.
A pipe fitted with cloth filters on either side serves as a tunnel for air to diffuse through.
They emerge on the other side in a jungle where they find a severely dehydrated Pooja hiding inside a pipe.
A pipe organ was dedicated on 16 May 1875.
Jimmy Pipe of Millwall, Harry White, who had played for Southend United, and Charles Orford of Gillingham, were also signed.
It was founded in 1953 when an officer of the King's Own Scottish Borderers (an affiliated British Regiment) was seconded to form a pipe platoon.
She is either walking or sitting in a chair; often she is seen smoking a pipe or reading a Bible.
* August 4, Minnesota:  of unspecified petroleum product spilled from a Lakehead pipe near Donaldson, Minnesota.
The P Series introduced a cooling system known as FLEX that features two fans connected by a heat pipe and located near the CPU and GPU.
The Central Interceptor is an upcoming Watercare Services infrastructure project to bore a giant wastewater pipe underneath the Auckland Central Isthmus, to carry wastewater flows from parts of the city to the Mangere Wastewater Treatment Plant.
The old pipe was kept by the fraudster who then sold on the water from it.
This will draw more water than the smaller pipe despite the connectors being the same size.
The five were traveling in a panel truck driven by Thomas from Rupert to Boise when it collided head-on with a larger truck loaded with concrete pipe on a snow-covered curve; the other driver was 
The 3rd Battalion has not yet raised a pipe band, through.
It seems a newly installed gas pipe had leaked into the town drains.
From 1984-1988 the organ renovation was continued under John Wessel, who modified the console of the pipe organ.
The report was unable to determine what ignited the estimated  of natural gas that leaked out of the ruptured pipe in the roughly 60 minutes from the initial breach to the explosion at 10:06am.
In order to minimize the smell nuisance, the pipe of the plant will be 100 metres tall.
During his tenure, he obtained the equipment needed to create a Pipe Band which was attached to the brass and reed band.
The Pipe Section and the Drum Section also performed at mess dinners; parades; sporting events; ceremonies (official or squadron); funerals; wing events; Christmas and Graduation Balls; private events; and holidays.
Inside, the church features oak woodwork, Italian marble altars, and one pipe organ.
The cathedral's altar, two pipe organs, and three 13th-century rose windows suffered little or no damage.
The three pipe organs were not significantly damaged.
At the west end is a corbelled gallery containing a large pipe organ, below which is an elaborate war memorial, commemorating soldiers killed in the First World War, and along the walls of the aisles are images of the Stations of the Cross in large, decorative wooden frames.
From the lake, the water goes to a water pumping station and transported inland to the coastal city of Bingzhou  before being transported through an undersea pipe which spans over a length of 16.7 km through the straits separating Mainland China and Kinmen.
Ah Coy offers her his pipe, which she readily accepts, and she falls asleep.
Flight Lieutenant Kenneth Alfred Sidney Pipe  – Royal New Zealand Air Force.
The organ was previously prepared by the composer to allow for microtonal tuning of each individual pipe.
Oyster argues back that he has big dreams, which Cal feels are empty pipe dreams.
Compensation water is also released from the headpond through a draw off pipe into the original course of the Pahekeheke Stream.
Fagioli, also in a Salmson, was second in the 1100cc race, but had to push his car over the finish line due to a broken fuel pipe.
De Coster met with Payton to try his performance parts, specifically his exhaust pipe and modified engine, De Coster was impressed and contracted Payton to supply his team with engines.
Today, it contains 14th- and 15th-century frescos (heavily restored in the 1970s and 1980s); an elaborate wooden pulpit from around 1616; a well preserved 1750 pipe organ by Johann Andreas Silbermann in a lavish case; and many ledger stones, altars, statues, bosses, and other sculptures.
Alfred Millard, who worked for the Broken Hill Water Supply Company, was riding his bike down alongside the train line on his way to inspect a pipe leak.
Ground shaking caused pipe bursts in the basement.
The pipe organ is a 1762 work by Johann Andreas Silbermann.
Hyundai's third entry of Dani Sordo and Carlos del Barrio suffered a radiator pipe issue on the morning loop of Friday which lost them five minutes, and they ultimately retired with a terminal engine fault.
After hearing from a former TIME magazine colleague on secondment to State (Samuel Gardner Welles), Murphy visited Whittaker Chambers twice at the Pipe Creek Farm, first on March 20, 1945, second on August 28, 1946.
Trefethen was known for his research on surface tension in liquid droplets, and he became one of the independent inventors of the heat pipe.
The USNA Pipe Band is one of the more recent of these types of bands, being established in 1996 with funding being provided by members of the Annapolis class of 1961.
A decorated pipe organ, made by Conacher in Huddersfield, was originally installed in a narrow gallery on the western wall, but after the church ceased being used as a place of worship, the organ was dismantled and donated to the Lebanese Evangelical Church.
Other paintings are open combinations of art inspired by works such as the Baroque self-portrait by Anthony van Dyck with Magritte’s pipe (The Vision, 2016) and/or use allusions borrowed from different classical works to create new and unexpected combinations (Allegory of the Internet, 2017).
It is connected to the Heating Chamber via a pipe duct.
In 1991, a phenol leak was the result of the bursting of an underground pipe, leaking pure phenol into the river.
The latter consist of a concrete pipe sunk vertically into the ground and covered with a concrete slab.
The pipe organ is a 1903 instrument in a Baroque 1740 organ case.
Photographic records indicate that for a long time the site had an Art-Nouveau patterned timber fence around the site but by 1987 it had been replaced by a low rendered retaining wall with a steel pipe top rail.
The organ has a pipe organ which was extensively rebuilt by J.W.
His career as an artist started with carving things like local animals and pipe stems from white soapstone (steatite) and selling  these carvings to passing travellers.
The main two store portion is almost square, with the elevations relieved by projecting corner bays; it is almost surrounded by a bull nose veranda on can feed timber posts (this replaced a former straight pitched veranda on iron pipe columns, presumably as part of the 1980–1981 renovations).
The complex features an outdoor plaza which originally featured a large water feature consisting of a large pool covered by a red pipe trellis that sprayed water downward into the pool.
Pipe Makers Canal is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia.
The pipe organ is a 1908 instrument in a colossal, Neoclassical 1785 organ case.
The work opens with a pipe organ solo, played by Martin himself at Central Hall, Westminster and cut into the studio recording.
The cathedral has one of the largest pipe organs in Scandinavia, which Sunn O))) incorporated into their performance.
The Naprudnaya River was enclosed in a pipe all over, and a square appeared in the center of the square.
A balcony above the common area contains a pipe organ and a small number of seats, usually reserved for important guests.
 by tampering with, disconnecting or interfering in any other manner with its hose pipe or tampering with signal gear or otherwise, he shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two year, or with fine which may extend to two thousand rupees, or with both.
Lipsha and Shawnee Ray plan a date in Canada but are soon stopped by border police because of a pipe that belonged to Lipsha's grandfather Nector.
When Lipsha refuses to give the pipe up, Lyman offers Lipsha a job at The Bingo Palace, a casino that he owns.
Lyman becomes addicted to gambling by playing the slot machines and soon sells Nector's pipe just to get money.
In September 2015, the possible closure of Café Riche loomed over the building's basement office, which had been underwater as much as five years, after a storm had burst a sewage pipe in the basement.
20 December, Hässleholm: a pipe bomb was thrown at a school buildning.
The first victim, 24-year-old Valentina Balchugina, had her head smashed in with an iron pipe.
Noticing a metal pipe on the windowsill, Lykov grabbed it and hit Grigorenko six times with it, killing him.
The benches are situated in the main nave  and the pipe organ stands in a choir loft in the western part of the church .
It uses a unique type of tone wheel synthesis to reproduce pipe organ tones and is one of the first electronic organs ever made.
This was to ensure compatibility of playing between the Wave Organ and a pipe organ.
The name for the event came from Portland's Big Pipe project — a 20-year undertaking that was completed in 2011.
Part of the confraternity ceremonies and religious functions take place with the sound of the basilica's six historical pipe organs and two Mafra carillons.
During a Fourth of July parade, off-duty Detective Marv Bozwick chases a thief down a sewer drainage pipe.
While chasing a lead, Banks is captured and wakes up at the warehouse, handcuffed to a pipe with a hacksaw nearby.
In the basilica is a pipe organ built in 1565 by the organ builder Graziadio Antegnati and restored and reconstructed in the years 1995-2006 by Giorgio Carli from Pescantina.
Three members of the Weathermen, an American terrorist group, were killed in New York City when a pipe bomb they had constructed exploded prematurely.
Ishmael Brown and Bernard Godwin, both students at City University of New York, were in their sixth-floor apartment in New York City when Brown accidentally dropped the pipe after it had been loaded with dynamite and a detonator.
In 1925 Blaney funded a memorial pipe organ in the Saratoga 
Tobacco trading and pipe making were "free" trades, meaning they were open to non-Dutch citizens.
Bird may not have moved into the Egelantiersgracht house, but instead may have moved to the pipe factory on the Lauriergracht owned by his sister-in-law, who was probably now a widow.
They are the most common type of pipe bearing a  maker's mark unearthed in Fort Orange (New Netherland).
There are galleries in the north aisle, and at the west end of the nave; the one in the nave houses a large pipe organ.
Various different pipe styles were found.
The tobacco pipe maker Eduard Bird (c. 1610–65) owned two adjoining houses on the Rozengracht between the two middle bridges.
A new pipe organ was installed in 1882 and was built by E Norman.
He saw a huge pipe that could produce smoke.
She also had a dream of a giant pipe and encouraged the building of it.
He sent his father a drawing of the pipe, and the two men discussed what it would take to build it.
Bud invited his youngest son, John, a meticulous welder, to help with the creation of the pipe.
After much debate, the Historic Preservation Committee finally approved the installation with the agreement that the pipe would sit on a foundation of cream-colored brick (to match the depot building) and red quartzite, in a bed of flowers.
The big pipe was featured in the May 2008 issue of Reader's Digest.
She later was found smoking a pipe at a neighbor's cabin around  away.
Constructed by Fratelli Ruffatti based on specifications by Virgil Fox and expanded by Frederick Swann, the instrument incorporates the large Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ built in 1962 for New York's Philharmonic Hall (now David Geffen Hall), and the Ruffatti organ which had been installed in the church's previous sanctuary.
Although his recorded output is strictly religious in nature, he was known to play a few popular tunes at pipe organ "jam sessions" held in Los Angeles.
He began using discarded materials from the foundry like scrap pipe.
11) A tobacco pipe of his was found on the scene of Mary Jane Kelly's murder.
The church has a three-manual pipe organ.
November 2: The Holyoke Caledonian Benefit Club announces its intent to form a pipe band in the Springfield Republican.
In 2009, two people were sentenced to two years in jail (8 months suspended) for attacking Yoghurt with a piece of scaffolding pipe.
The belts, straps and pouches were made from buff coloured leather, which was whitened with pipe clay; the haversack was made of white canvas, except for rifle regiments which had black.
The wind pressure was lowered, new stops installed, the manual compass extended, the pipe work revoiced in a romantic style and the key- and stop-actions made electro-pneumatic.
On the following week's Raw, after attacking crew members and commentator Dio Maddin, Lesnar was repeatedly attacked by Rey Mysterio with a steel pipe.
In addition, in collaboration with the sculptor Mattheus Walles, he added crowning vases and urns on top of the case, as well as new side wings, and renewed almost all the carving and the ornaments in the pipe panels in the Classical style.
Suggestions have included the use of a regulated heat pipe to connect the vaccine chamber and the ice chamber.
Davis primarily earned his living through farming and ranching, and he self-published his only book, Pipe Dreams, in 1952.
Paul Guigou : Selfportrait, or Man with a Pipe.
In 1967, her husband asked Mitchell to create a clay pipe for him similar to the one often depicted in portraits of Sequoyah.
Due to the lower wind pressure applied at this time however, the pipe work was revised and the cut-ups changed.
On 1 October 2019 a police officer shot with live ammunition at close range an 18-year-old man wielding a pipe.
Forky is a white plastic spork outfitted with a pair of different sized googly eyes; a mouth made out of blue plasticine; two halves of a popsicle stick for feet, stuck on with modelling clay; arms and hands made out of a red pipe cleaner; and a unibrow made out of red plasticine.
The show traditionally started with Ray Hill saying, "Holler down the pipe, chase and rattle them bars, 'cause we're gonna do a Prison Show."
In the north-west corner there is also a terracotta pipe of 24 cm in diameter.
Her master's thesis was Effect of Injection on Developing Laminar Flow of Reiner–Philippoff Fluids in a Circular Pipe.
A pipe to the for'ard toilet had been cut allowing seawater to flow in.
It was argued that the person who cut the pipe to the for'ard toilet and opened the seacock under the floor must have had an intimate knowledge of the yacht and was not a stranger to it.
However, the company did have a 12-inch iron pipe cast successfully from 'chromic pig' at the Langlands Foundry in Melbourne.
Josiah Wedgwood II, owner of Maer Hall in the early 19th century, built an aqueduct to pipe water from the spring to the Hall and the village of Maer.
He was found in an unresponsive state by police at his home in Farmington, having poisoned himself with carbon monoxide by running a vacuum-cleaner hose from the exhaust pipe of his SUV into the interior of the car while it was parked in his garage.
Albert Keates (1862–1949), British pipe organ builder
In the Solar System, Mars, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Earth show evidence of past heat pipe tectonics, while not undergoing it at present.
Jentschke first qualified for a PDC European Tour event in 2019, the 2019 International Darts Open, where he lost 6-3 to Justin Pipe in the first round.
A Socialist (11 February 1890), "a cleverly executed study, in which a man with expressive face sits at a table enjoying his pipe and jug of beer.
Carriedo is known for being the benefactor of Manila's pipe water system.
During a particularly violent storm in April 1920, a large drain pipe in the Gardens burst, carving a large depression into the land that the escaped salamander was washed into.
 The Pipe Mountain Coaster –  Revelstoke Mountain Resort, Revelstoke, British Columbia
The event was attended by several renowned YouTubers and singers such as Andy Rivera, Pasabordo and Pipe Bueno among others, which offered a live concert in homage to Legarda.
The pipe organ sits at the back of the south aisle.
The department  also managed major waterworks project and was directly involved in the provision of pipe borne water to communities in Lagos, Enugu, Kano, Kaduna and Jos.
The pipe organ sits at the back of the north aisle.
Czech artist Martin Janecký focuses on the technique of hot glass sculpting from within the bubble, creating highly realistic heads at life-sized scale by hot-working the glass on the pipe in innovative ways.
Moisture on the wall where the statue was mounted seemed to be coming from an overflowing drain, which was in turn fed by a pipe that issued from a nearby toilet.
A large conservatory of music was included, with a pipe organ, numerous pianos and other musical equipment, and the school opened the Haven Conservatory of Music, directed by the Rev.
The pipe failed from external corrosion.
The billboard featuring Santa Claus was reminiscent of the vintage tobacco advertisements, which for a number of years portrayed Santa Clause using a pipe or cigarette.
 Kaspars Bārbals — dūdas, pipe, bombard and drums
The pipe organ has three manuals and pedals, with 47 speaking stops.
The failure was caused by cracking caused during railroad shipping of the pipe before being installed.
An innovative feature for the time, given that the dwellings were for the working classes, was the presence of a small facilities room in each, fitted with a toilet, sink and direct waste pipe down to the cellars.
Then, Kenyon and Herb were taken to the basement; first, Kenyon was gagged and his hands were tied behind him, then the rope was tied to an overhead steam pipe in the furnace room.
A service line is a small diameter pipe used to connect from a water main through a small tap to a water meter at user's location.
Water quality deteriorate due to corrosion of metal pipe surfaces and connections in distribution systems.
Various techniques can be used to control internal corrosion, for example, pH level adjustment, adjustment of carbonate and calcium to create calcium carbonate as pipe surface coating, and applying a corrosion inhibitor.
This reduces the chance of leaching of trace metals from the pipe materials into the water.
Water is taken from a feed hydrant into a temporary pipe.
The temporary pipe should also add temporary fire hydrants for fire protection.
When a stiffer service line made of galvanized steel pipe was used, a lead gooseneck was installed to connect to the water main to reduce breakages by such expansion and contraction.
That first section is called communication pipe.
This part is called supply pipe.
This reduces the chance of leaching of trace metal including lead from the pipe materials into the water.
Sri Dasmesh Pipe Band's work 
In 2019 they made history again by becoming the first group from South East Asia to win the World Pipe Band Championship.
A number of pipe bridges were also removed or altered.
The cause is believed to be a burst water pipe.
Precipitation runoff from Iron Mountain drains into Tahoma Creek, Devils Dream Creek, and Fishers Horn Pipe Creek, which are all tributaries of the Nisqually River.
After graduating from the Humanistisches Gymnasium he studied conducting (among others with Hans Swarowsky), composition and pipe organ at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna.
 Pipe Arcila Buitrago as Kong
In 2019, when Tersteegen's 250th anniversary of death was remembered, the alto-saxophonist Uwe Steinmetz composed a cantata on the song, titled God is Now, scored for mixed choir, big band, pipe organ and live electronics.
Pipe Organ restoration (nave)
Boundary fencing: Boundary fencing of pipe railing and other gates were erected in 1935.
The Bates & Son pipe organ (c.1860) is rare in a state context as the only known extant example produced by these manufactures.
Protestant reformers, however, sought to change Catholicism's perceived "dangers of overly theatrical performances, the unwarranted expense of elaborate ceremonies and enormous pipe organs and the uselessness of text unintelligible to the common man."
The western facade of Marmoutier's church is famous for its massive but well balanced architecture, while inside, the 1710 pipe organ by Andreas Silbermann (completed in 1746 by his son, Johann Andreas Silbermann, and restored several times since) and the 18th-century choir stalls are among the most notable items on display.
The final report issued in October 2020 on the cause of the fire cited a combination of extreme wind conditions and a power line owned by California Resources Corporation that touched a metal pipe on the ground after an electrical conductor separated.
Unlike hydroelectric plants powered by water from mountain streams, it used water from Big Springs, which collected behind an earthen dam and was transported by a conduit pipe to the Fountain Green powerhouse.
Ko surprises the man and kills him by bashing his head with a metal pipe, then takes his machine gun and kills Nigel's remaining man.
The church interior has wooden furniture seats, an ancient pipe organ (piano), an armchair, and wooden pulpit along with a 140 year old Bible.
In April 1847, during a visit to Manchester, the composer Felix Mendelssohn visited St Paul's to play the newly installed pipe organ.
The village is known for its autochthonous Zelovo tobacco pipe made of clay.
It had two furniture sized indentations on one side – possibly from matching pieces of bedroom furniture - and two radiator pipe holes on the opposite side.
However, for him, it is the task of a poet to show resilient life, and in that way, Pipe represents hope, life and birth.
There usually would also be a performance of black magic involving the skull of a human and a pipe connected to the bellows used by a blacksmith.
The concept of the Wilhelmy American Flag Glass Pipe Organ emerged from the tragedy of the September 11 attacks.
Originally from Austria, Xaver Wilhelmy trained as a pipe organ builder at Rieger Orgelbau in Schwarzach, Vorarlberg (Austria), continued his education in Ludwigsburg, Germany, then joined Fehrle en Roeleveld Orrelbouers outside of Johannesburg, South Africa, where he also trained as a piano builder, and luthier.
Wilhelmy is the founder of The Wilhelmy School, dedicated to passing the fundamentals of pipe organ building and innovation along to a new generation of builders, performers, and conservationists in order to preserve, conserve, and improve upon the most remarkable instrument ever created.
Her boss uses her body to clean the shag out of his smoking pipe and throws the rest of her remains into an ashtray.
The value of the friction head can be found from available data-tables depending on the flow parameters such as fluid viscosity, pipe dimensions, flow rate, etc.
Notable for its height above water, sloping span and overhead span to carry a water pipe.
In 2001 a strong foundation was found during the excavation of pipe trenches at the Lützelbach cemetery, presumably a keep, which archaeologically supports this assumption.
As a result, Chief Constable Malcolm MacLennan authorized the formation of a departmental pipe band.
February 1991 – The band paid a return visit to Honolulu, during which the then-Mayor Frank Fasi declared 15 February as "Vancouver Police Pipe Band Day".
It was the first time a non-military pipe band had performed during the ceremony.
Andrew Perrie – Pipe Major from 1967 to 1984 and band member from 1951 to 2011.
The tank was fed by water pumped up a pipe internal to the structure, to protect it from freezing.
Jeannette Catsoulis writing for The New York Times stated: "Seemingly nostalgic for a period when West Texas roughnecks settled scores with baseball bats and laid pipe with pickaxes, this lovingly made homage to avarice feels strangely limp.
The van was later found to contain a live pipe bomb that had the capacity to kill or injure people up to 500 yards away; the van had also been lined with homemade ballistic panels made of material from bulletproof vests.
I like gardens, trees, and unmechanized farmlands; I smoke a pipe, ...
Hope had been carrying a cargo of pipe clay.
Construction begins of the border wall in the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, destroying Native American burial sites belong to the Tohono Oʼodham Nation and threatening severe environmental damage.
Half pipe, Slopestyle and Big Air
The cottages had no heat and had above ground pipe.
Gauthier said that it "put me out of the gas pipe business, but I was glad to be a part of the panel".
The pipe was also destroyed in that typhoon and the waste water had polluted the beach nearby.
He also learned to make pipe organs.
Just outside a tent at the circus, a moustachioed man with a pipe strokes a contented Felix; within the same, a chained elephant sleeps.
Other Tribe investments include Kraken, Applied Intuition, EquipmentShare, Pipe Technologies, Docker, Republic, Instabase, and Momentus.
The unit was formally established in October 1949 and is the longest continuous serving Air Force Pipe Band in the Canadian Forces.
The Pipe Band wear a modified highland dress that features Scottish uniforms augmented with a kilt patterned in the RCAF Tartan.
Jack Gauthier, a 58-year veteran of the band and a member of the Ottawa Police Service Pipe Band.
It is fed from the water of the southern canal via a gradient water pipe.
 Pipe diameters are underfit
Theo the Pipe Smoker (* around 1790; † around 1820 in Kleinbasel) is the fictitious name of a man whose skeleton was found in 1984 in a former potter's field near the Theodorskirche (Theodor Church) in Kleinbasel (part of the Swiss city of Basel).
Pipe holes develop after five to ten years of intensive smoking.
 «Theo, the pipe smoker» – Project of the University Basel
The first RCN pipe band was established on 10 October 1954 at HMCS Cape Breton.
Pipe Band notably exist in Sea Cadets bands, although they are rare due to both the lack of a Naval tradition of piping, and the comparative expense of the instruments.
The entire init was led at the start by Pipe Major Sergeant Lance McFadzen It provides instruction to cadet musicians of the 2551 Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Army Cadets and the 570 Sir Winston Churchill Air Cadets.
During World War I, the pipe band accompanied the regiment to Europe where it led it into battle.
The regimental pipe and drums provided musical accompaniment for the G7 summit in 1988 and for Queen Elizabeth II in 1998.
 Richard Todd Pipe, ON
To provide for his family, he opened a pipe shop.
Little Pipe Creek bridge and viaduct
The girls' slopestyle event in snowboarding at the 2020 Winter Youth  Olympics took place on 18 January at the Leysin Park & Pipe.
The boys' slopestyle event in freestyle skiing at the 2020 Winter Youth  Olympics took place on 20 January at the Leysin Park & Pipe.
Farrand & Votey Organ Company was a nineteenth-century manufacturer of pianos, reed and pipe organs, and player pianos located in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1897 it built the nation's largest pipe organ.
The partnership bought out the firm of Granville Pipe Organ Company in 1889.
The organ pipe is generally made out of wood or metal.
The metals for pipe construction can include lead, copper, aluminium, gold electroplate, silver, brass, and iron.
The formula mix of the metal for the pipe determines the general tone and volume characteristics.
Each pipe produces a single pitch tone, dependent generally on its length.
The greater the length of the pipe, the lower its resulting pitch will be.
Aeolian Company took over Votey Organ Company in 1899 and the Detroit factory manufacturing of pipe organs was relocated to Garwood, New Jersey.
A pipe organ was built in 1895 for the Calvary United Methodist Church in Pittsburgh that had electro-pneumatic action.
A 3,000 pipe organ that had 49 ranks was purchased by Campbellsville University in 2007 from Christ Church of Nashville, Tennessee.
The company was reorganized and became the Farrand & Votey Organ Company that built both reed and pipe organs.
The girls' big air event in snowboarding at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics took place on 21 and 22 January at the Leysin Park & Pipe.
The boys' big air event in snowboarding at the 2020 Winter Youth  Olympics took place on 22 January at the Leysin Park & Pipe.
His first recording was criticized for over-reliance on bells, but upon his death the American Theatre Organ Society's publication stated "in every way he was a consummate presenter of the theatre pipe organ music at its best," noting his command of rhythm, harmony, sense of melody, and mastery of registration.
An ERW seam defect in the pipe was determined to be the cause of the failure.
The original early 18th-century church pipe organ has not survived.
In 2017, the band hosted international pipe bands at the Barbados Celtic Festival.
In the American case Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. v. Smith, the plaintiff company dismissed the defendant employee, but the plaintiff made an offer by means of a letter to withdraw the dismissal if the defendant would agree to comply with certain terms and conditions.
: Steamloid, designated K-10, is created when Enter uses the  Metavirus to infect a factory pipe during the events of Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters the Movie: Protect the Tokyo Enetower!.
But once the three get them back, Pipe Banki is then scrapped by EngineOh after a messy hostage situation.
She spoke of enjoying smoking a pipe and socialising with Sophie Kowanko, a colleague on Irland-Redaktion who was known as Sonja.
 New Zealand Police Pipe Band
The village (spelled also Wimpton or Wymton) is mentioned in pipe rolls in the 12th, 13th and 14th centuries, mentioning land and inhabitants of the village.
The brass band, pipe band, and jazz band all utilize a variety of instruments which reflect the tunes of the band.
A pipe organ by George Holdich, improved by Abbott of Leeds was installed in 1882, the gift of J.R. Edmunds of Charnwood House, Sileby.
A pipe organ by Taylor of Leicester was installed in 1885.
It consisted of both the CWAC Brass Band and the CWAC Pipe Band, who are sister ensembles to each other.
Grant was previously the band leader of "The Highland Lassies" pipe band.
Following Victory in Europe Day, the Pipe Band travelled to.
In simple words, as long as the user can flush his/her toilet, he/she may not have any issue with the deterioration of the pipe.
Design and construction cost about $75,000, including a $12,000 pipe organ, and lasted about six months.
Buckley & Company converted her to a dredger and pipe laying ship and renamed her Beverley M. She was laid up in Hoboken, New Jersey, in 1976, and scrapped in 1981.
In the extreme park there were competitions for professionals and amateurs, such as: Igora Sun Pipe, Igora Rail Jam, and Igora Snow Sapiens.
A pipe organ was presented in 1857 by Nathaniel Plews, which was second hand from Bedale church.
These metal spatulas were attached to this pipe called the “dasher”, which was attached to the handle crank protruding out from the Artificial Freezer.
The main leader of the Las Vegas cell of Atomwaffen Division had suggested blowing up natural gas pipe lines with thermite, and several jars of the substance were found in Climo's apartment during the raid.
A typical IAFD complex was to consist of standard tanks, a  mixing tank, pumps, pipe lines, ancillary buildings, receiving and despatching points and railway siding.
The tank is seated in an excavated compound with earth banked up to a height of  on its lower side, which was likely designed to contain leaks but from which rain water could be drained via a  drain pipe.
The walls had  mesh chain wire on hardwood frame with fibrolite spouting and down pipe.
This was connected to water supply by  pipe and ball cock.
Wirawit Charoensupphasutthirat as Pipe
The reactor design is a fast-neutron reactor with heat pipe cooling similar to the NASA Kilopower reactor.
The church's pipe organ, originally called Opus 31, was completed in 2005.
In 1990, after Bari and Cherney were severely injured by a pipe bomb placed under the driver's seat of Bari's car, King dropped out of the direct action movement but continued to organize for protection of Headwaters Forest and the other remaining old-growth habitat on Pacific Lumber land.
 Stanolind/Service Pipe Line Building (Atlantic Richfield Building) (1949) Streamline/Art Moderne style
The collection is made of fifteen contemporary Great Lakes woodland-style skirts, along with items such as pipe bags, handbags, and moccasins.
Lithgow is a city of much importance in the history of NSW industry, including coal mining, copper smelting, brick and pipe making, iron and steel making and weapons manufacture.
Performances included pipe band songs, the national anthem, and the massed bands leaving to a Russian tune.
It was a grade 1 pipe band in the 1980s and 1990s.
Like many military bands in the Middle East, it maintains a pipe band.
To accommodate no-touch golf, holes were modified with an elevated rim or made shallow with a piece of foam (most often a cut pool noodle) or drain pipe or a safety plate.
After the rupture of a high-pressure oil pipe in 1979, the United States Geological Survey established a crude oil research site in an effort to understand the natural attenuation of hydrocarbons.
Retrenched as an engineering draughtsman to the Sewerage Construction Branch of the PWD, Baltzer became Chief Engineer to Gummow, Forest & Company of Alexandria NSW, which further popularised the technique and in 1915 was taken over by the NSW Government as the State Monier Pipe and Reinforced Concrete Works.
Today, the regular band and the pipe band perform jointly.
After a Japanese iron water pipe was found to use as a flagpole, the battalion's American flag was tied to it by Lt. Schrier, Sergeant Henry Hansen, and Corporal Charles Lindberg.
After they took the pipe to Sgt.
The opening was delayed after a slight issue led to a leaking pipe, damaging the lobby at Presbyterian.
Unlike his brother, who owned a double flute, Babys' flute had only one pipe.
In the foreground we can see a pipe with a small stream of water clattering down into the ice hole, which Eisinga later told he learned to do from Hitchcock film The Birds.
Angered, Sushko grabbed a metal pipe and hit Smirnov three times on the head, cracking open his skull.
It is also famous for its moving pipe organ, possibly the finest church instrument ever constructed.
During his time in Northern Ireland, he was wounded when a pipe bomb was thrown at him, which also severely injured an RUC officer stood next to Roe.
Light Dragon Mark IIC ~ With exhaust pipe protector 
Physically he was "a burly pipe smoker with the build of a front-row [rugby] forward".
There are also 27 active groundwater wells, 11 storage reservoirs and 1,602 miles of pipe.
It was formed in 1991 from Marine veterans who lived in parts of the Northeastern United States and was based on the original Marine pipe band based in Derry, Northern Ireland during the Second World War.
An entry in the pipe rolls of the Exchequer of Normandy for 11 September 1194 records a payment of 168 pounds and 12 shillings to "the daughter of the Count of Brittany and the daughter of the Emperor of Cyprus and their [joint] household".
As part of the early development of the wastewater network, a large pipe was constructed to take wastewater from Manners St through Mt Victoria and out to an ocean outfall at Moa Point on the south coast.
Willis Street was eventually re-opened at the end of March 2020, after the permanent replacement had been installed beneath the road, and the temporary above-ground pipe removed.
The catchment area includes pipe networks owned by Wellington City Council in northern Johnsonville, Paparangi, northern Newlands, Woodridge, Grenada, Churton Park and Tawa.
It refers to the force that a pipe plug holds during the process.
For a longer life cycle, pipe plugs should be cleaned with soap and water before and after each use.
Pipe plugs are to be stored in a dry space at 15-25 °C away from direct sun light and circulating air.
Wilnoty said, “I did my praying about finding a way to make a living, I picked up some little pieces of pipe rock and carved faces on them.
One of the passengers of first class B (four person cabins) had complained about a steam pipe running near the bed of his child.
His project with his wife Vicki Pipe, All the Stations, was also a primary reason for increasing the number of passengers at Shippea Hill between the 2015/16 period and 2016/17 period.
The Baltic Pipe, connecting Norway via Denmark to Poland, is scheduled to be completed in October 2022.
He indicates this to his partner by putting on a beret, glasses and pipe in imitation of Swelles, and the pair chase the villainous director up some scaffolding and make him fall to his death.
Scottish Regiments and played a major role in the development of Pipe Bands.
It maintains several military pipe bands.
African military bands more or less coem in the form of brass and reed bands, with few pipe bands being the exceptions.
Like India, Arab nations such as Jordan, Qatar, and Kuwait have modified the use of pipe bands to fit traditional Arab culture.
Pipe bands are also maintained in Asian countries like neighboring Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
He found the church building in need of a great deal of attention, and with that well underway, had the pipe organ renovated at a cost of over £500.
It connects with Rooks Road, which leads to the pipe track trail that runs through Mitcham to Burwood East and Mount Waverley.
Appius Silvius Junius Silanus, named on a lead water pipe found at Rome.
His research focuses on musical perception, the origin of tonality and the history of the pipe organ.
He is probably the same person as the eques Spurius Maximus whose name was found on a lead water pipe at Rome.
The complex originally included an assembly hall at the rear and a "Kinema" for showing silent films; the complex was equipped with a pipe organ made by John Compton allowing it to host a regular programme of concerts by the Wimbledon Symphony Orchestra.
Amidst their coverage, television newscasts and news channels encouraged physical distancing on-set, remote work, and increased use of remote interviewsin order to comply with CDC guidelines, with in-person interviews (universally with the reporter both shooting and editing their story alone) often using improvised setups to allow distancing, including microphone extensions adapted from monopods and improvised PVC pipe booms.
New participants on the walk are traditionally 'bumped' on marker stones that record the route of the pipe.
A newspaper article from December 1928 records that at that time the water from the pipe was not suitable for drinking -
The present day pipe is believed to end in Spring Street.
Walkers meet at St Barnabas’ Church in Knowle, before following the route of the pipe to St Mary Redcliffe, in an apparent reversal of the custom from previous years.
Inscriptions around the maze record the history of the donation of the pipe.
He funded the purchase of its first pipe organ.
The RDR canal passes beneath the North and South branches of the Ashburton River in siphons constructed from large concrete pipe sections.
Approximately 800 of these pipe sections were installed to complete the RDR project.
Concrete ends were installed and a timber floor fitted to turn the pipe section into a storage space.
The pipe shed is a Category 1 listed Historic Place.
Paul Manhart, S.J., Quest for the Pipe of the Sioux, Rapid City, South Dakota, 1975.
He is also the CEO of JM Eagle, a global manufacturer of plastic pipe.
This project provided water to 13,500 people with 70 miles of pipe to 52 villages.
A Los Angeles jury found JM Eagle liable for failing to make 100 percent of its pipe, according to Underwriters Laboratories standards, though an Underwriters Laboratories engineer testified that the company never fell out of compliance during repeated audits.
Water was from a single communal pipe that could be cut-off if the landlord fell into debt.
Johnathon Hughes of the Radio Times observed that the Astonis are "relieved to be leaving" when the car is fixed, until Ben reverses into a water tank and causes a pipe to burst.
In 1904, the other major pipe manufacturer in the Sydney market, Pope & Maher, failed; G & C Hoskins were left as the dominant supplier in that market.
This allowed the Hoskins' firm to further increase its technical capabilities in pipe manufacturing, as a result of the collaboration with the leading Melbourne firm and the purchase of their patent rights for New South Wales.
Hoskins own pipe plants consumed a portion Lithgow's iron, but not enough to justify its existence.
A compressed air pipe was available as an acoustic warning device.
One night, Sarita wakes up to drink water and she hears loud noises in the same pipe.
At this time Spalding & Rogers originated various innovations that later became standard, including in about 1850 the first use by a circus big top of tent quarter poles (between the center and side poles), the pipe organ, knockdown seats and using oil lamps instead of candles to light his tent.
Personal possessions much associated with the detective, such as his cherrywood pipe and his magnifying glass are traced to have previously belonged to his father and mother, respectively.
A water trap failed in the main steam pipe leading aft to the boiler, and high pressure steam burst out all through the engine room.
KE KELIT was the first company to introduce CFC free pipe systems to the market in 1989.
Alongside its pipe systems KE KELIT also installs cooling systems (through its company Coolfix GmbH).
That same day units from the 2nd Battalion of the 28th Marines took the summit of Mount Suribachi, and erected an American flag tied onto a section of pipe found nearby.
Parade included the Uttarakhand Police Women's Pipe Band, Uttarakhand Police Dog Squad's demo, Uttarakhand Anti-Terrorist Squad's demo, Uttarakhand State Disaster Relief Force's demo, motorcycling and horse riding.
It is currently the longest continuous serving Air Force Pipe Band in the CAF.
The Pipe Band wears a modified highland dress that is augmented with a kilt patterned in the RCAF Tartan.
The longest serving pipe major was Terry Cleland, who served for a total of 37 years.
The façade has three niches, each of which shows the coat of arms of the Chigi family – six mountains dominated by an eight-pointed star – above a small tank fed by a pipe.
He owned a Pipe vehicle, and his wife Ada was also an enthusiastic motorist.
Four to eight companies is the usual size of the parade and a military band combined with a pipe band providing the ceremonial music is present.
The Texas Railroad Commission stated that gases within the crude corroded and weakened the 10-inch 60-year-old pipe.
The pipe was manufactured in 1957.
Liquid in the pipe had caused it to break down.
In 1987 he was sued by the pipe manufacturer Poul Erwin Hug, which forbid him from performing under their name.
When Mousa was working at a prison in Homs in 2011, he reportedly engaged in beating a detainee (who had been assigned to him for treatment) with a plastic pipe.
Any material with a density greater than water is pushed to the outside and allows cleaner water to flow through a central fine mesh basket into the supply pipe.
For services to Highland pipe bands.
 25 May 1975: 54-year-old Mohamad Kunjo s/o Ramalan murdered his 54-year-old friend, Arumugam Arunachalam, by hitting him on the head with an exhaust pipe at Pulau Saigon Road.
It also concluded that the violations had the effect of denying Black Hills viewers access to NBC programming and noted that it had been forced to maintain the waiver allowing cable systems to pipe in out-of-town cable systems due to KRSD-TV's inadequate signal.
 Clay - 1 clay spoon, 1 fragmentary clay smoking pipe and 1 ear spool
However, there was one section where the river ran through a concrete pipe, which forms part of the cadet obstacle course, where the water was fast-running but very shallow.
According to one of his employees, he asked two workers to lower him into his well to grab hold of a pipe that had gotten loose.
The pipe organ is based on a much earlier instrument acquired for St Andrew's in 1889 from St Jude's Church, Whitechapel.
The pipe fitter was similarly robbed of his mobile phone and wallet, and was assaulted by Micheal, Tony and Donny (Hairee was not involved in the assault this time even though he had been there at the scene); this left him with several fractures and lacerations, and four of his fingers sliced off.
The flow is then conveyed to a three-bayed settling basin followed by a 12 km long headrace tunnel and 773 m long penstock pipe.
With over 700 employees, It remained the main employer in Clay Cross until 1998, when Biwater Industries was bought by rival pipe manufacturer Saint-Gobain (through its UK subsidiary Stanton plc).
The problem started when a storm water pipe backed up during strong rains on the 28 and 29 of November.
The church is home to one of the city's few pipe organs, but like most of them it is non-functional.
Michael Theriault assaulted Miller with a pipe, blinding him in one eye.
Other improvements made at the same time included the purchase of a pipe organ and the construction of a new vestry room and churchyard walls.
 Ceramics: Five diagnostic rim sherds from ceramic vessels from outside and inside the earthwork enclosure, all grit tempered, and one single pipe bowl remnant
He later uses his pipe to lead all of the children of Hamelin into a cave hidden in a mountain, never to be seen again.
They added that the local population and volunteers sent a notification about the action of removing the pipe to the municipality of Babusnica, the Ministry of Environmental Protection and the Ministry of Construction, Traffic and Infrastructure.
 West side: Labonté River, rivière aux Sables, Péribonka River, Mistouk River, rivière aux Harts, rivière à la Pipe, Lac Saint-Jean.
It is a three-quarter length portrait of a black man lighting a pipe of tobacco.
Fletcher published a book The hako: song, pipe, and unity in a Pawnee Calumet ceremony in which she transcribed and translated each Hako song and included its interpretation by a Pawnee Ku’rahus.
It has seven stops, mostly of original pipe work.
In 1883, he was hired by St. Peter's Episcopal Church, where he played on his first pipe organ.
In 2010, the houses in the area were connected to the water pipe and sewage network of the city, and modern sanitary facilities were built in the villa.
The interior fittings were sold off and the hand-blown pipe organ by Conacher was purchased for £40 for Cotmanhay Methodist Church.
Electric resistance welding pipe failure was suspect as the cause of the rupture.
The board changed the tour to a wraparound season of 2020-21, which allowed major changes to the tour schedule, with the Billabong Pipe Masters becoming the first round of the tour.
The pipe connected to the chamber allows transport of material from the chamber to the receiving end at vacuum.
In cooling mode, the colder one serves as the source, the heat produced by the heat pump is fed into the warmer pipe.
When the Revival track list came down the pipe, it was like overwhelmingly, 'This shit is going to be trash.'
The installation was the first in the United Kingdom to use a new design of screw pump, enclosed in a vinyl ester pipe, which greatly improves its efficiency, and allows fish to travel through it without harm.
In 1911, the pipe organ, the work of Norman and Beard, was installed.
On the evening of November 24, someone planted an iron pipe bomb in the basement of Giuliani's Italian Evangelical Church.
The survey indicated that the pipe had dropped more than 3 feet since the line was originally constructed.
The guests try to educate Sally in their specialties, including dancing, singing, posing for a drawing, and smoking a pipe.
She would describe and play a wide range of early instruments, including the harp, psaltery, rebec, organistrum, pipe, shawm, horn, chime bells and percussion.
The helmet was discovered in the 1950s by workmen digging pipe trenches in Chapel Yard, Yarm, near the River Tees.
Entitled , the print shows a red-haired Dutch man with a long clay smoking pipe (cf.
It was the first pipe manufacturing company in Bangladesh and the largest.
Version 0.9.10 allows commands to be sent through one named pipe while logs and status can be obtained through another.
It is scored for solo pipe organ, requiring 2 manuals and pedals.
This short piece for solo pipe organ has a total duration of 5 minutes and 34 bars.
Cracks made in the railroad shipping of the pipe before installation were the cause.
The park includes a smooth skating surface, as well as being equipped with a quarter pipe, bank ramps with ledges, skate pyramid, and grind rails.
Underneath the saddle lay a pipe that would emit smoke when she pushed a button.
The pipe failed at a dented and gouged area not seen during the original construction, or lowering for road work a few months before.
The magnificently carved curtains over the pipe openings are deserving of special attention.
Paulette only lets him off the pipe and into her bedroom after making him promise that he will do the cooking in their household, and making him give the details of an apple strudel before letting him into her room.
Pipe received the Mark Chaffin Outstanding Research Career Achievement Award from the American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children in 2014 and an honorary doctorate from Stockholm University in 2015.
Pipe grew up in New Zealand and graduated from Waihi College.
Pipe was a professor and chair of the Department of Psychology at Brooklyn College, CUNY, prior to moving to the College of Staten Island in 2016.
Supported by funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the National Institute of Justice, Pipe worked as part of team that developed and evaluated a forensic interview protocol for interviewing children suspected of having witnessed or been a victim of child abuse.
In February 2020, President Donald Trump was criticized for blasting in the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in southwestern Arizona near the border of the United States and Mexico to clear the way for his border wall.
Florbal Chodov (FAT PIPE Florbal Chodov after its sponsor) is a floorball team based in Chodov, Prague, Czech Republic.
Until his arrest on October 18, 1999, he would go on to commit five similar murders in the area, killing three victims with the metal pipe, one with a hammer and the final, his only female victim, with a pair of scissors.
It was founded as a steel manufacturer in 1960 by Lee Jong-Deok with the name of Pusan Steel Pipe Industry Corporation.
One with a bowler hat and carrying an umbrella has a refined London accent; the other in a trilby and smoking a pipe has a Yorkshire accent.
Land threatened by the reservoir includes the Whittaker Chambers Farm, also known as the Pipe Creek Farm, a National Historic Landmark as well as protected under the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation (MALPF).
In March 1976, the committee published an Opposition Statement to the Big Pipe Creek Watershed Plan.
The agreement would allow the Carroll County Commissioners to acquire land along the Big Pipe Creek for "improvements" to include a "multiple purpose reservoir and basic recreational facilities," paid for by the county.
Our reservoir concept, with minimal impact to the Pipe Creek Farm, satisfies both of these fundamental principles of government: protecting our past while planning for our future."
Investigations, led by the Maryland Department of Environment and published in 2007 and 2009, into fecal bacteria in the Big Pipe Creek have shown significant increase.
Another wetlands exists along the Little Pipe Creek, near Union Bridge, Maryland, also in Carroll County, less than fifteen miles from the Union Mills Wetlands.
 F-SC8-D36016-MD Big Pipe Creek Watershed: Plan and Environmental Impact Statement
The band is dressed to reflect the song's folkish style, with Anderson wearing what he described as a "frivolous pantomime cossie," guitarist Martin Barre wearing a monocle, and keyboardist David Palmer using an antique pipe.
Trout Lake still supplies the Ames Hydroelectric Plant via a concrete-encased outlet pipe that transports water from the Trout Lake Dam's Penstock to the Ames Hydroelectric Plant.
Meanwhile, in the Null Void, Azmuth reveals his trial to Ben, he must pass through a large pipe with traps before the timer on his Omnitrix runs out.
March 5: An investigation by the Kanagawa Prefectural Police reveals that a pipe was found on the second victim's private balcony, near where she had fallen to her death.
On 17 August 1907 Lindner set out from Brussels on a trip to China for the Compagnie Générale des Conduites d’Eau (General Water Pipe Company) of Liège to examine the possibility of sales outlets.
Ah Feeling (2015), Lead Pipe & Saddis
This brings him to the attention of Harriet "Harry" Barber, a treasure hunter and pipe smoker.
3 Bogue-class converted from C-3 cargo ship hulls by Seattle-Tacome Shipbuilding Corp., Tacoma WA, Ingalls Shipbuilding of Pascagoula MS, or Western Pipe and Steel Company, San Francisco CA.
He performed the song in character as a chimney sweep awaiting execution, "sitting astride a chair, the effect of his tattered clothes and bedraggled hat increased by the blackened clay pipe held between his teeth, which was removed only for purposes of expectoration, and for the greater emphasis of the oaths which bespatter the verses."
He then began to take in interest in air flow into mines and found that resistance to airflow varied proportional to the length of the pipe and the square of the speed of the air and inversely with the diameter.
It is a pipe organ which uses tracker action with 6 ranks, 1 manual and a slider chest.
The pipe organ by Hele and Company of Plymouth was installed in 1910.
While protesting the destruction of a part of Oregon Pipe National Forest, a group of about protesters set up a camp.
An earthenware tobacco pipe and a Weedon Island multi-compartment bowl which were recovered from these sites, are in the curatorial facility of the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington D.C.
The Rise and Fall of Bossanova (A 13:23:32 Song) is the fifth album by Michael J Bostwick for his musical project Pipe Choir Three (abbreviated P C III).
Micah Kozoil which included new heating and air conditioning, new altars, new chandeliers, restoration of the pipe organ, painting, new carpeting, and new furnishings.
She found that the workings of transfer RNA is best shown through the cloverleaf model and had demonstrated it using pipe cleaners and pieces of Velcro.
The 31 pipe organ has a plaque with the inscription "To the glory of god and to commemorate the 60th year of the reign of her most gracious majesty Queen Victoria."
May 28, 1999: A pipe bend in a vinyl chloride plant tore open and a mixture of 1,2-dichloroethane, vinyl chloride and hydrogen chloride leaked out.
They then removed the pipe, leaving the barbed wire in the rectum, before withdrawing and inserting it several times to cause serious trauma.
The pipe was then removed leaving the barbed wire inside, which was subsequently pulled out causing permanent damage.
J. E. Dolloff, one of two water suppliers in Monroe, Washington, began laying pipe to a new house.
His poetry collection Pipe Dreams in Ponsonby (1972) was popular and iconic, and his poems have been included in several New Zealand anthologies and journals.
David Eggleton, writing in the New Zealand Listener, called Pipe Dreams in Ponsonby "one of the best-known and bestselling poetry books [in New Zealand] of the early 1970s, a collection that seemed to capture or encapsulate a particular political and cultural moment".
The pipe organ was installed in 1904 and is still in use.
A modern wall and a pipe have already damaged the site.
It was originally found and named Spongia botryoides and given the common name "grape sponge" by researchers John Ellis and Daniel Charles Solander in 1786 before it was discovered to be a part of the genus Leucosolenia and changed to the orange pipe sponge.
When it comes to water oxygen saturation, the Orange Pipe Sponge has been found to live in waters between 97.339% oxygen saturation and 105.854% oxygen saturation.
When it comes to feeding, the Orange Pipe Sponge is a suspension feeder that typically preys on phytoplankton suspended in the water column.
There are two pipe organs, a Baroque organ from the first church and a larger modern instrument.
In addition, he was involved in the construction of a new pipe organ.
The first church building also housed the first pipe organ west of the Blue Ridge Mountains, which was transported over the mountains by ox cart.
Felix Doran (died 1972) was an Irish Traveller who was known for traditional music from the early 1920s to the 1970s as uilleann pipe player.
From there, a  length of  diameter pipe would continue along Route 13 to Eastern Correctional Institution and a Mountaire Farms processing plant.
A fine pipe organ, designed and built by Norman and Beard with three manuals, was donated by the local member of parliament, Sir Weetman Pearson, and installed in the hall.
After his return, Father Mayer wrote a lot about hydraulics, but not a single water pipe was built.
Two Cudell-G.A.-carburettors were placed together mid-engine and fed into this intake duct from both ends via a common intake pipe.
People from bamboo forests of the mountains elaborate flutes, meanwhile the people living near lakes and rivers create pipe ensembles with reeds.
Johann Josua Mosengel (1663–1731), German pipe organ builder
During a celebration, he emptied his pipe ashes into the ocean, and they became Nantucket.
Although less than four years old, the 6-inch pipe had corroded internally and had been embrittled by hydrogen.
There is a  canal siphon at Sota/Jhyalla Khola and a  pipe siphon at Chainage.
From the headworks a  penstock pipe with diameter  carries water to the powerhouse.
From the de-sanding basin a  headrace pipe with diameter  carries the water to the power station.
Components include the intake,  reinforced concrete approach culvert, head pond,  headrace pipe, surge tank,  penstock connecting the surge tank to the powerhouse, and  tailrace canal.
According to his later confessions, Stepanov knocked down and kicked the unfortunate victim, before bludgeoning him to death using a metal pipe with a water tap screwed on at the end.
He served at Fort Dix, New Jersey, where he was disciplined at least twice: for injuring a colleague with a pipe during a fight; and abandoning his post, later being arrested by local police for dangerous driving and illegal weapons possession.
The penstock pipe was destroyed and the recently completed road was badly damaged.
The diverted water flows along a  headrace tunnel and then a  penstock pipe to the power station, which discharges it into the left bank of the Mai Khola.
According to the Militsiya, on the evening of August 11, 2020, Hienadz Shutau and another man attacked police officers in Brest near the Moskovsky district administration, beat them with a metal pipe and tried to take away their weapons.
Murillo's successor, Minister of Government Eduardo del Castillo, reported that officers had found firearms, ammunition, and firearm boxes, as well as trace amounts of marijuana and a smoking pipe at his house.
The pipe has been designed to last 40 years, whilst the tunnel has been lifed at 120 years.
Much of the course is downhill, after which it features jumps, and a pipe that shoots racers to the highest point in the course.
The water pipe has survived to this day.
Chelyabinsk and Chebarkul Metallurgical, Chelyabinsk Pipe Rolling, Magnitogorsk Calibration, Berezniki Magnesium, Bogoslovsky Aluminum, and  Miass Machine-Building Plant were also built.
She had a children's nursery, her first class lounge was decorated in Adam style, and her first class dining saloon had a pipe organ.
The incident started when Nuezca had gone to investigate the Gregorios who were setting up a boga – an improvised noisemaker cannon either made of bamboo, a PVC pipe, or linkage of opened tin cans.
This was the location of the last fixed stocks in the City of London, near Cornhill, above the outlet of a conduit fed by a lead pipe from Tyburn.
Throughout the years 1968 to 1973, he studied various lasers together with professor Shaul Yatziv and professor Pinchas Avivi and built a laser inside a metal pipe instead of a glass tube, which allowed for the creation of more durable lasers.
Hanssens landed first, armed only with his pipe and tobacco pouch, and walked through the crowd of armed men to the chief, whom he shook by the hand.
He was also said to have requested for a puff of tobacco smoke from a pipe while he fought death on the spear.
Her father was a pipe fitter by profession but chose to move the family to Rio Grande Valley to return to college and complete a Bachelor’s degree.
Thomas smoked a clay pipe for 60 years and preferred smoking to eating in her final years.
Lawlor also attacked Marshall Von Erich with a pipe a week prior, injuring his leg.
The walkway between the buildings was steel-framed with v-shaped columns, fabricated from steel pipe, and wire mesh balustrades.
The main evidentiary basis for the prosecution's case were the numerous objects identified by victims' family members, chiefly the baseball bat and pipe with blood stains on them, which, according to investigators, were the likely murder weapons.
At 7:52p.m., the individual was recorded sitting on a bench outside the DNC; the next day, a pipe bomb was discovered there, placed under a bush.
Just before the attack, pipe bombs were discovered near the complex.
A fire destroys the Dobson Pipe Organ Builders facility in Lake City, Iowa, USA.
Since 2000 he has been composing numerous works using soloists, choir and orchestra and inserting instruments of other musical genres: uillean pipe, tin whistle, Celtic harp, bass and electric guitar, electronic keyboards, drums.
The season was won by construction superintendent Scott Henry, with lineman Cyril "Zeus" Ontai III finishing second, and pipe welder Sarah Burkett placing third.
At 12:49 p.m., Capitol Police responded to reports of an explosive device, later identified as a pipe bomb.
 Capitol Police respond to a report of a possible explosive device at the Republican National Committee Headquarters, which is later identified as a pipe bomb.
He is not suspected of planting the pipe bombs.
In 2012, he succeeded Erik Almqvist as the Sweden Democrats' economic spokesperson after Almqvist was forced to resign as a result of the so-called iron pipe scandal.
On 26 August, the 697th Engineer Petroleum Distribution Company began running  of  Victaulic pipe to connect the Lavéra Refinery at Port-de-Bouc, the  at La Mède, and the  on the shores of the Etang de Berre.
In November, water used to test the pipe for leaks before using it for fuel froze and burst the couplings between Lyon and Mâcon.
The catchment, conveyed in an underground pipe, sprang from a monumental metal tower 42 meters high, built in 1858 on the Place de Breteuil, a few hundred meters away.
Gresley is depicted standing with his right hand in his jacket pocket, possibly reaching for his pipe, and with his left hand holding a technical magazine.
Precipitation runoff from O'Neill Butte drains north to the Colorado River via Pipe Creek (west aspect) and Cremation Creek (east).
Between 1893 and 1901, when the aqueduct was being constructed, a pipe measuring  was built to take water away from Barden Beck between the two reservoirs and feed water into the Nidd Aqueduct.
On the same day, Edith Rigby planted a pipe bomb at the Liverpool Cotton Exchange Building, which exploded in the public hall.
 Played Drums and Percussion on Now Playing (The Swinging Pipe Records, 2018)
He also patented 32 "gadgets" for the pipe organ, newspapers reported in 1934.
It typically consists of a rotating vertical metal rod or pipe with one or more blades attached at the lower end, that cut or scrape the soil.
In the world of insects, this pipe turns out to be a cigarette, a joint.
The narrow vertical pipe, or conduit, postulated to connect the plume head to the core-mantle boundary, is viewed as providing a continuous supply of magma to a fixed location, often referred to as a "hotspot".
To communicate the lower tier of the choir with the upper one, a spiral staircase is arranged, located at the western end of the choir and enclosed in a solid pipe.
He got the job when Chuck Morgan, Executive Vice President for Ballpark Entertainment, saw videos Tatro had posted on social media while rehearsing for a major pipe organ recital and reached out to invite him to become organist for the Rangers.
Hunter & Son (also known as Hunter & Webb and Alfred Hunter but generally referred to as Hunter) was an English pipe organ maker and refurbisher, established in London in 1856.
United Concrete Pipe Corporation
11 November 1913: Large explosion of a gunpowder pipe bomb at a building in Alexandra Park, Manchester, which is being used as a cactus house.
Pipe guns are known to have originated in the Philippines.
October: Baltic Pipe completed
At 4:20 pm on January 23, 1996, on a Tuesday, inside the tunnel, a gas leak occurred which immediately caused a very strong explosion, due to the drilling of a methane gas pipe inside the tunnel.
Western Pipe & Steel sold the shipyard to Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation in 1925.
The interior of the basilica includes confessionals made from roble americano wood and a French pipe organ made by Neuville Frères in 1897, which was, subsequently, declared a Monumento Histórico.
Two innovative types of pipe were developed.
The other design, known as Hamel, used steel pipe that was welded together and wound around special floating drums  in diameter known as Conundrums, which deployed the cable like giant bobbins.
On the road, they spot the driver of an old truck dumping several bodies into a large pipe outside an abandoned church.
The Positive Organ Company (also known as Casson's Patent Organ Co Ltd and Positive Organ Company (1922) Ltd but often referred to as Casson Positive) was an English pipe organ maker, established in London in 1898 by Thomas Casson, although with some earlier antecedents.
Lewis, having left Ruthin Grammar School with virtually no qualifications, was apprenticed to an iron foundry in 1891, which included working on pipe organs.
Positive organs are small, usually one-manual, pipe organs that are intended to be capable of being more or less mobile.
The National Pipe Organ Register attributes this to Casson himself rather than to the Positive Organ Co. Other extant examples of large organs by Casson include an early, 1880s, two-manual one at All Saints, Thorpe Malsor, described by the organist Paul Hale as "much the most spectacular nineteenth century organ in any village church".
In addition, pipe bursts caused significant damage to numerous residences in the Dallas area and other areas of North Texas.
15 organs in larger parts and eight pipe organs are preserved, some with small remains.
In 1988, 700 years after the Battle of Worringen, a comparison of the two cities from an urban geography perspective found Cologne had its strengths as a transport hub on water, road and rail, and with regard to the petrochemical pipe network, while Düsseldorf was ahead in air transport and better positioned in the service industry.
Gottlieb Scholtze (1713 – 6 April 1783) was a German pipe organ builder.
German pipe organ  builders
Justin Pipe tested positive for COVID-19, meaning Luke Humphries received a bye to round 4.
He established a workshop for pipe making, including training of workers.
Workers at Gator Bowl Stadium flushed 503 toilets continuously in the hopes of avoiding water pipe problems for the January 1st Gator Bowl but the stadium still suffered $5000 in damages.
The play involved in its plot "the repugnance of a bride to her husband's pipe, the deceit which became necessary for him to secure his smoke, and the consequent misunderstandings and explanations."
He joined the Mannesmann Pipe Mills in Düsseldorf on April 1 of the same year.
Masha, who has taken a liking to Major Zvyagintsev, receives a reed pipe from him, with which she can summon him herself from the upper world and go there to visit.
Using a wide range of historical documents, from Episcopal Registers, Close and Pipe Rolls, Deeds, Feudal Aids, and Charters, Lewis traced the medieval history of Lammana from the mid-12th century to the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
Exceptionally for the time, the building also had its own running water, with a leaded pipe drawing water from a well in the middle of the cellar floor to the kitchens on the living floors.
The chief engineer then solved the problem by covering the leaking pipe with an asbestos cloth.
A pipe and a large clock were also imported from Rome with the façade of the church hosting the clock.
Six pipe bombs were found in the cab, while the back contained a semi automatic rifle, 9,000 rounds of ammunition, and other survival gear, such as clothing and food.
At each full hour, the trumpeter sounds the number of the hour on his horn; the noise actually comes from a wooden pipe inside the clock.
In 2009, he became a candidate of technical sciences, having defended his thesis on the topic "Research of the processes of crimping and distribution of pipe blanks in the manufacture of aircraft parts."
The cathedral's music program for the 1992 Christmas season was typical for Caprio: Gaston Dethier's Variations on "Adeste Fidelis", John Rutter's Star Carol, Nativity Carol, and Shepherd's Pipe Carol, Harold Darke's In the Bleak Midwinter, Handel's "For Unto Us a Child Is Born" from Messiah, O Holy Night sung by soprano soloist Aprile Millo, and Gregorian chants.
During the protest, she is reported to have broken open a water pipe to allow protestors to wash tear gas from their eyes, thrown a tear gas cannister back at police, and encouraged protestors to take cover when live rounds were fired.
Tsukanov attacked her, raping and then beating the victim to death with a metal pipe.
The roof and altar reconstruction, and the electric pipe organ installation started in 1947.
He is the 19th keeper of the Sacred White Buffalo Calf Pipe and Bundle.
At twelve years old, Arvol Looking Horse inherited the White Buffalo Calf Pipe and the role of Keeper, becoming a ceremonial leader of the Lakota, Dakota and Nakota Peoples.
United Concrete Pipe was established in 1919 in Ventura, California by (Thomas) Tom P. Polich.
United Concrete Pipe Corporation headquarters was at 85th St. and Vermont Ave., Los Angeles, California.
United Concrete Pipe Corporation last plant closed in 1994, at Riverside, California.
The shipyard of United Concrete Pipe was in Long Beach at breath 83, at the north side of channel 2, at the entrance to the channel.
To avoid encounters with ghosts, the player can jump, crouch, and while on the pipe can pull up his legs.
Initially, the 1928-vintage instrument had a 3-manual console and 14 pipe ranks.
The second verse describes an introduction to heavier drugs: "A little white line" that eventually became "a little glass pipe."
His method involved drilling holes and pounding in pieces of pipe to create a ladder.
It was then pumped through a  cast iron pipe to an open service reservoir at Westgate, where a gas engine pumped water to the higher parts of the area of supply.
They also built a crossing over the Foss Dyke at Saxilby, where the pipe is self-supporting, with an air release valve in the centre, and an access gantry to allow the valve to be serviced.
In the tent the shaman would use a pipe or sing songs to draw in the spirits.
Some tribes have the shaman go into the tent naked and with a pipe, others tie up the shaman in different material and have him go in the tent.
Plateau Point, (about 1600 ft above the Colorado River), overlooks the outfall intersection of Garden Creek Canyon, and Pipe Creek Canyon, intersecting from the southeast from Mather and Yaki Points.
It is about 0.75 miles east of Yavapai Point, its closest scenic viewpoint neighbor, and it lies about 1.5 miles west of Yaki Point, across Upper Pipe Creek Canyon.
The building contained a pipe organ that was one of the largest in the world and hosted concerts by noted Portuguese performers such as the pianist and composer José Vianna da Motta and the cellist Guilhermina Suggia.
This produces an electric force across the gap that accelerates the ions along the pipe.
The slope around the base of Pipe Organ is Chinle Formation.
It is also immediately south of Window Rock, and north of another climbing destination, Pipe Organ, both of which can be seen from viewpoints along Rim Rock Drive.
Since the citizens of Bürglein could not agree on the construction of a water pipe, the money donated lost all of its value due to the inflation that was setting in (in 1924, 1 billion was worth 1 goldmark).
Imaginative artists sometimes furnish these specimens with an old straw hat, a pipe in the mouth, and a stick fastened to the end of the arm, as if they were prepared to undertake a journey.
In 2007, Macleod edited The Kincardine Scottish Pipe Band: The First Century with author Basil McCarthy.
He worked during the summer as a pipe liner in the oil fields.
Still wanting to catch the moon, he hangs on to the pipe of a chimney that wobbles under his weight.
Thieves had cut away a lead pipe connected to the boat.
It started on June 20, 2015 in San Luis Obispo County by a chunk of coal that flew out of the exhaust pipe of a vehicle.
The Dean gave the commendation as the coffin was lowered into the Royal Vault, while the pipe major of the 4th Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Scotland played the lament "The Flooers o the Forest" while walking from the North Quire Aisle to the Dean's Cloister.
Sarah had been carrying a cargo of 425 bales of cotton, 186 barrels of post ashes, and 3000 pipe staves.
The three-bank Aeolian electro-pneumatic pipe organ, valued at $115,000 in 1968, was installed in the Adams Playhouse at Hofstra, along with a memorial plaque.
At Blanch's stables, a carter recovering from overindulgence at celebrations lit up a pipe and, accidentally, the straw about him.
The cumulative water pipe is 349 km covering an area of 475,920 square meters.
On 24 April 2021, the Indonesian Navy announced the finding of debris, including a part associated with torpedo tubes, a coolant pipe insulator, a bottle of periscope grease, and prayer rugs.
Above the tenth floor is a balustrade with pipe railings.
The waterfall was fed by a pipe over the patio, and a lotus tree was also planted in the pool.
Towards the end of the series, Rand is shown to have reality warping abilities related to the Dragon Reborn's connection to the Pattern; he kindles a pipe without channeling.
To do this, he used a hacksaw blade that had been welded to a  length of pipe, which he maneuvered from outside of the room.
Meanwhile, the type, dual vibration-damping support of the anti-vibration support or main engine of the main motor, the auxiliary equipment and pipe systems, static power supply, and rectification of the hole opening on the bottom of the ship.
The  statue depicts a Plains Indian man holding aloft a ceremonial pipe.
Pass the Pipe is an album by the Jamaican reggae band Toots and the Maytals.
Stereo Review deemed Pass the Pipe "a recording of special merit."
On 8 November 2021, one Armenian civilian was killed and three wounded as Azerbaijani troops opened fire at Armenians repairing a water supply pipe near Shushi.
 Judith Moore, or, Fashioning a Pipe (1898)
Shortly afterwards, a second pipe bomb is found at the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee.
About thirty minutes later, while officers were still responding at the RNC, they were informed a second pipe bomb had been discovered under a bush at the Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters.
Capitol Police Chief Steven Sund said he believed the pipe bombs were a deliberate distraction which took significant USCP resources to contain the area and evacuate several Congressional office buildings.
In order to reduce underwater radiation noise, the main engine and main generator are double anti-vibration support, and auxiliary equipment such as the hull is also anti-vibration support with anti-vibration rubber and anti-vibration pipe joints as with conventional ships.
The island had a hospital for patients, consisting of a "miserable old clapboard shack 20 x 24 ft. and 1½ stories high, with stove pipe running up the stairway so that one had to go on hands and knees to get underneath it to go upstairs."
A plastic exhaust pipe was almost unthinkable at the time.
The period of significance began with the construction of the tank in  1906 and ended in 1950 when the stand pipe was removed.
She then awakens the ship's advanced functions by playing a pipe organ Captain Nemo had installed on the bridge; he had made music into a programming language.
Among those killed were the mother and brother of Chief Hopocan, known as "Captain Pipe."
In the technical equipment were used the most advanced technology of its time: its own generator, which gave independence from the city power grid, its own boiler room, from which the brick pipe has survived, internal mechanical conveyors (there are still broken remnants).
Pipe and water ceremonies were held before elders walked across river marshes to the Enbridge construction site.
In 1995, a tributary of the creek called Cahill Creek was diverted into an underground pipe upon the construction of the South Keys Shopping Centre.
Father Morris also started St. Joseph's music program by hiring piano and organ teachers, starting an Air Force Cadet squadron, and founding a pipe and drum band.
By successfully reaching "The End" station, the game loops back to the beginning of the first phase, with the gate leading to the second phase now open but introducing more obstacles and aggressive enemies, as well as a more difficult pipe maze.
The church has a 56+3-voice electro-pneumatic pipe organ built by the Kangasala's organ factory from 1939.
Töpfer's publications in 1833, 1843, and 1855 were widely influential because they appeared at a time when the French and English organ makers were open to new, foreign ideas, and they gave full details of pipe scales, wind chambers, pallets, bellows and action.
A pipe ruptured in a phenol stock storage tank at Doosan Electronics in Gupo-dong, Gumi-si, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
Wanting to vent out his frustrations, Tymofeev grabbed a kitchen board and hit her on the head, causing her to flinch, hit herself on a heating pipe and subsequently collapse.
John Seton DCM, BEM, was a Scottish drummer and drum major, and one of the first to publish notated drum scores in the pipe band idiom.
In 1936 Seton was asked to form the drum department of a new pipe band college, along with Alex A.D. Hamilton.
She was noted to have a sharp memory, smoked a corncob pipe and at 110 years credited with the ability to thread a sewing needle without eyeglasses.
The National Pipe Organ Register describes it as an undated Casson, although given the date of its installation (1901) it is likely to be the work of Casson's Positive Organ Company.
The bishop wrote: "[Myself] and Conrad crossed the river to visit the Indian King [Sassoonan] who lives there, and had the honor to smoke a pipe with him."
He became the technology editor of the campus newspaper, Pipe Dream.
"Post-medieval development and the local tobacco pipe industry in the late 18th/early 19th century: excavations at 5–7 Giltspur Street, City of London".
 April or May 1968 - Moby Grape,  It's A Beautiful Day, Black Swan, and Indian Pudding and Pipe
National Pipe Organ Registry: "Midlothian Edinburgh, St. George, Charlotte Square [N11969]"
Two people were stabbed, while another was beaten with a pipe.
It is known that the Walbridge family had installed a pipe organ in the mansion.
Each has a front entry accessed by concrete stairs with metal pipe railings and balustrades.
Throughout the long history of the locomotive's production, minor changes were made to its shape and the location of features such as the bell, exhaust pipe, and lights.
scour pipe 1.0 m diameter
There are two brand new skills called pipe organ and vampire lore.
The project consists of dams at Panoth and Valookku and two canals (1750 meter long Valook Canal and 2850 meter long Panoth canal) and a fore-bay tank with a penstock pipe.
She offers to trade Kevin for Bobby to her buyer, at which point Bobby attacks her, handcuffing her to a pipe and stealing her keys.
When the fountain was installed in the pond, a historic water pipe was found, which is now being reused.
Socks may also bunch up or unravel and get caught in the water drain pipe of washing machines or in the lint trap of dryers.
The cocktail glass was placed below a pipe that often drips with sewage waste.
A metal pipe railing and two tiers of rooftop terraces are at the top of the penthouse.
The pipe organ was eventually rebuilt and a case added by Nicholson in 1999.
Below the turret was a 90° pipe angle, connected to a  diameter hose visible in the cab.
In the inaugural issue of Games International, Philip A. Murphy reviewed the fourth edition of Snake Pipe Hollow published by Avalon Hill, and complimented the production values, calling the book "attractively produced."
Throughout the match, the two used various weapons, including a steel pipe, steel chair, a ladder, tables, and the steel steps.
The original businesses of Hoskins Iron and Steel, the pipe manufacturing plants at Ultimo and Rhodes, were still operating there during the 1920s.
One of the men climbs inside and the other gives him the pipe of the vacuum cleaner.
They unfold the pipe of the machine and suck up the two sitting men before exiting right.
The Pipe Rolls record Thomas de Kauill in 1190 living in Yorkshire.
He died accidentally in test firing at Harakka after the explosion of a grenade launcher pipe on January 24, 1938.
In the summer of 2013, after his senior year of high school, Cooper was badly injured while doing construction work after a large iron water pipe rolled off a shelf and struck him in the head, back and leg.
 1966 - Distinguished Service Award, National Clay Pipe Institute
These involve the laying on a raw water intake pipe off the Victoria Nile in Oyam District, to a new water treatment plant in Gulu City, a distance of .
Lauttasaari was connected to the Helsinki waterworks in 1936 by building a 150 millimetre pipe from Salmisaari.
In 1951 an additional 300 millimetre pipe was built.
The advantage for a conical container was smaller change to the level of the water, which would make the pressure in the pipe more stable than in a cylindrical container of the same size.
Construction was started in July 1957 by building ground supports, at which the ends of the feeder pipe come out of the ground.
The current main water pipe goes from Salmisaari to Lauttasaari via a multi-purpose tunnel completed in 2000.
It took a week to cut the trunk and the process was almost derailed when a concrete pipe that an arborist had put in the tree was hit.
In 1786 he established through experiments a relationship between the velocity of flow of water through a pipe of a known radius and inclination which he extended then to flow in open canals.
He took part in the management of other enterprises: he was a member of the boards of directors of Vysokogorsky GOK, Tagilbank, Seversky Pipe Plant, from 2002 to 2003, where he concurrently was the managing director of the West-Siberian Metal Plant (Novokuznetsk).
So I knew something like that was coming down the pipe from about episode three or four.
The ship's forward motion forces water into the tube where it spins a propeller and then exits through a second pipe facing aft.
The turbine is fed by a  diameter pipe, which leaves the canal above Dudbridge Upper or Foundry Lock.
The Wester Pipe Railway is a narrow gauge railway that mainly runs from Hastigrow on the B876 road to Mybster on the A9, all within Caithness.
During the planning phase, another proposal for a type of mast was also made, the so-called stealth mast with a stainless steel pipe shaft.
Both are seated "in a relaxed manner", Castro holds a cigar in his left hand, while Guevara holds a pipe in his right hand.
Installed on a huge colourful steel pipe that seems to come out of the ground, this gigantic eyeball adorned with a sailor's hat turns on itself.
the writing is directed to the right, only there is a difference in terms of marking, namely that the writing of numbers in Sundanese script must use a pipe sign ( | ), because some forms of Sundanese numerals are similar to consonant letters ( ngalagéna), it is feared that ambiguity will occur.
In 1605, was set in the choir a pipe organ, founded by two town citizens, Andrzej Grudziński and Daniel Jastrzębski.
Only one signed and dated work is known, the Vanitas still life with flowers, a skull, shell, pipe, book, globe, flute, stringed instrument and musical score, which is signed and dated 1665 and was last recorded with art dealer François Heim in Paris in 1964.
 Iván Ochoa as Pipe
In 1961 a 4,500 pipe organ was installed.
They tapped on a pipe to let others know that they were trapped in the collapse.
The Financial Times reported the expected proceeds of the PIPE and SPAC funding to TMTG would be $1.25 billion.
After she allegedly hit a teenaged Chavez with a pipe, Chavez and his half brother became runaways in and around Ciudad Juarez.
At Drumlanrig Castle, a dressing room for the Duke of Queensbury included the modern convenience of "a lead close stool in a wainscot box with a lead pipe for the water to come in and a large one for the Excrements to go out".
At the house and farm where he spent his summers, he constructed a railing on a set of stairs and secured a gas pipe in the barn to ensure the cats who lived there would be safe.
At this council on February 24th, he announced that the Delawares wanted to move in order to avoid any fighting between the French and the British, stating, "The Six Nations and you desire that I would sit down and smoke my pipe at Kuskusky.
Among other facilities provided by the East Germans were a clay pipe manufacturing plant, a tile and ceramic works and an industrial-scale carpentry works, to help with the improvement of Hamhung.
Its gameplay is reminiscent of Pipe Dream and the Game Boy title Chiki Chiki Tengoku, and involves the player moving worm pieces of different shapes that descend onto the playing field by linking or shutting their open orifices together to make them disappear and gain points across multiple levels.
Included were The Lynching, Smoking My Pipe and two mural panels of Black babies and kindergarten children.
Kimball noted the museum’s deliberations in a letter, stating:“They took a self-portrait Smoking My Pipe by Brown.
Water damage usually occurs through leaks in building fabric or through flooding associated with weather events or the failure of water-carrying infrastructure (plumbing, wet pipe sprinkler systems, air conditioning).
Some had decorative star or heart-shaped cutouts, and the tomahawks of tribal chiefs sometimes featured a pipe bowl.
A European and Arabian lutes, as well as a Chinese pipe, were also on display.
Johnson said that he did not like cigarettes, that he smoked a pipe, and that he "never was a teetotaller".
The cashier who worked there, 55-year-old Myrtle Dee Benham, was kidnapped, robbed, sexually assaulted, and then battered to death with a pipe by Malone.
The dedication was supported by the Troon Blackrock Pipe Band and Doogie White who played an acoustic version of The Temple of the King (by Rainbow) - whose lyrics are inscribed on the bench “With just one wave of his strong right hand – he's gone to the Temple of the King”.
By October, 1724 he was a resident of the Monocacy River Valley in present Carroll County, Maryland, and had established a trading post on Little Pipe Creek, between present-day New Windsor and Union Bridge, Maryland.
He said this about his lightkeeper father: "I used to wait for what looked like a good spell of weather, but my father smoked plug tobacco in a pipe.
Powsey apprenticed as a steam pipe fitter, eventually becoming a foreman.
Because he used a "heavy, cumbrous" horse-drawn van to reach remote sites in Yorkshire, his nickname there was Van Evans, and he was recognisable with his wideawake hat, pipe and neckerchief.
She heads the CrowdTheTap project, which is an EPA-funded effort to promote access to safe drinking water by helping individuals and groups investigate pipe materials delivering drinking water to homes.
Belgian pipe organ builders
On June 30, Chief Hole-in-the-Day announced that he would be leaving, and on July 1, the Ojibwe and the Dakota smoked the pipe of peace.
A pipe organ was built in 1997 by Josef Maier.
Walter Thür Organbuilders () was a maker of pipe organs, based in Torshälla, Sweden.
Swedish pipe organ builders
To get to the office, I rode in a subway with Vignelli-designed signage, shared the sidewalk with people holding Vignelli-designed Bloomingdale’s shopping bags, walked by St. Peter’s Church with its Vignelli-designed pipe organ visible through the window.
In August of the same year, a member of the Outlaws was pulled over by police en route to the York Street clubhouse of the Hells Angels, and authorities confiscated body armor, various firearms, and a pipe bomb.
In July 2013 an expert reported that the  diameter intake pipe, which had been  thick was in some places reduced to .
The pipe organ, originally built in 1881 by A.
On July 1, 1966 a pipe bomb exploded at the Allied Linoleum store owned by John Gilman.
There were also considering a hydroelectric power plant on the filling pipe of the reservoir, and considering floating solar panels.
In winter an outlet in the Trévadine Reservoir supplies a  above-ground steel pipe that runs for a distance of  to the reservoirs of Alzitone, Teppe Rosse and Bacciana.
Firstly, in 1946, Walker & Sons returned to overhaul the instrument and make provision for a larger 16ft Contra Gamba but this pipe was never added.
The house is surrounded by a garden of 1,250 square metres, and I personally think that the vegetables will be better off, as the houses are supplied with water through a pipe connected to two sources of water located about one kilometer from the village.
Other creative projects include writing and directing a short film, Pipe Dreams, featuring an ensemble cast including Debbie Harry that was showcased at film festivals internationally, winning the SOHO International Film Festival’s award for Best Short Film in 2011
A tank containing the flame fuel was fitted at the rear, with a pipe from it leading to the fixed angle mounting on the front hull to the left, leaving the hull machine gun unobstructed.
The company introduced the microtunnel and direct pipe technologies in Italy and is one of the main European players in the foundation sector.
After she grew up and became politically involved she smoked a pipe and cigars, "not because she liked it, but to make a point".
The discharge pipe may be as small as 25mm diameter carrying sewage at very high flow rates.
Additionally, another nearby  tank was blown  into a pipe rack.
Lineup:  The Verve Pipe, Poe, Dog's Eye View, Stabbing Westward, Gravity Kills, The Nixons, Ruby, Lush, The Refreshments, Modern English
In addition to the cars, the collection also includes about 20 musical instruments, including a Wurlitzer theater pipe organ.
The Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation, whose traditional unceded territory includes the city of Ottawa, issued a statement condemning protesters who held an Indigenous pipe ceremony and set up a tepee in the city's Confederation Park without the First Nation's permission on February 2.
 Pipe Bueno as Wilson Barrera
Born in Rome, Musumarra approached music as a child, learning to play pipe organ at his church.
The open foredeck was surrounded by a partial bulwark and pipe rails.
This basin of nearly 500 mᶟ was supplied with water by a pipe collecting water from a source and emerging in the north-eastern internal side of the basin.
In 1906, the organ was installed, it is a Grade II pipe organ by William Hill & Sons.
In 1811, the Governor of Minsk donated money to buy and install the pipe organ in the church.
He returned to Switzerland to study music in Lausanne and earned a high distinction on the pipe organ.
In 1907 two Rieger–Kloss pipe organs were installed in the church.
On 30 December 1997, Richard White placed a pipe bomb triggered by a motion sensor inside a cooler outside United Methodist Church in Oakwood, Illinois.
There he went to the west side of the church and placed a pipe bomb on top of an air conditioning and heating unit next to an exterior support pillar.
Tessa Maud (born October 10, 2003) is an American professional snowboarder, specializing in half pipe.
He proceeded to stab Westwater in the neck, back, and chest a total of eight times, before raping her and proceeding to shattering her skull with a lead pipe.
A water pipe burst at Hove Lagoon in Brighton and Hove, re-flooding it after it was emptied for cleaning and possibly costing the owner thousands of pounds.
Well Number 5, originally drilled with a  pipe to  and backfilled, taps the Intercity Aquifer between  below the surface.
In 1902 the pipe organ was installed.
On 8 November 2021, at the junction of Peak Road and Coombe Road, due to the burst of the fresh water pipe, a large amount of fresh water gushed out, causing a landslide on a slope of 30 meters by 100 meters.
At the moment it joins rue de pres, there's a small seating area, and below it underground, a water outflow pipe.
he pulled the pipe open to see if it was in there .
old eric took out his pipe and started to methodically stuff the bowl with tobacco as he continued his tale .
this irresponsible shit , running all over , your head stuck up your tail pipe , and now george is dead !
he did not know one street from the next , or who the best plumber was if there was a leaking pipe , so when , about two months after they had moved in with his mother-in-law , and getting very desperate for a job , carlos heard that el campo was finally closing .
i quickly fell off the ladder ( my hearts desire was of course suspended in mid-air , and the length of my legs had not been adjusted accordingly ) and it was removed , the hood was closed , the battery disconnected , and a sack of potatoes was wrapped in the cockpit cover and stuffed unceremoniously into the jet pipe .
they were way below the minimum height , and in a tight diamond sixteen and a bit formation , my lady s was the bit , with natasha trying to fly up the jet pipe of the sally , who had taken melvyns place as tail end charlie .
i said , herb someones always trying to reinvent the wheel , the germans knew how to do it in both world wars camouflaging ships with just a little canvas , pipe , and paint , turned their commerce raiders into all sorts of merchantmen .
he took his belt knife and put the point of the blade on a nearby pipe , then put his ear to the tang .
with his augmented strength and speed , the pipe became a grey blur , flashing across the control room and burying itself deep in a crewman 's chest .
but there is no sink argued sharianna , as joseph reached out and put his hand under the pipe .
were in the bridge and there is a communication funnel with a pipe , i think it goes to the engine room .
ive got my trusty blowgun she continued holding up the small instrument , a wooden pipe , loaded with darts tipped with a deadly poison .
if i were led there blindfold , i would instantly know where i was from the smell of the place a compound of dust , printers ink , old leather , new buckram , mingled aromas of bag lunches from the staff room , and a suspicion of pipe smoke from runcibles office .
we were in the bottom of a large rock bowl , shaped almost like a giant pipe .
he withdrew his old clay pipe from his pocket .
the tip of the branch lit and sarn used the glowing flame to light his pipe .
after drawing on his pipe , sarn continued his tale .
sarn again withdrew his pipe from his pocket .
sarn withdrew the pipe from his mouth .
he told her he had never smoked , and she waited till he found a guy with a pipe and brought her a burning match .
nasty nancy nodded approval of the plan as she threw their trash down the co-gen pipe .
bob tom talked about using the wrench and a couple of pieces of pipe they scavenvged to attack the kidnappers when they came below , but joe didnt see that plan as being very successful until their hands and feet were free .
he shrugs , turns back , picks up the pipe wrench and walks over to the old generator pushed against the locker wall .
twenty seconds later the door is free and bob tom , holding the pipe wrench at his side as a weapon , eases himself through the door .
geoff enthusiastically said in reply , rising and setting aside the mahogany calabash pipe he pulled from lips encased in black grizzle .
geoff said , slamming down the pipe .
when it came out the other side , he crawled over the top of the dune , pushed the end of the pipe back even with the sand and removed the pointed cap from the end , then crawled back over the dune and under the sheet .
the hose was attached to a three foot tall clear glass water pipe .
our boy is moving again , jim said , seeing the exhaust fume from the tail pipe as the engine started .
since i couldnt afford a second failed hookup i opened the connector with nearly numb fingers , then lined up my swing carefully so that with any luck at all the fitting would snap shut and grasp the pipe on its own , without my having to be around to close the thing manually .
he watched seamus tamp down the tobacco in his pipe and gaze , unseeing , to the horizon .
her reply was to barely even glance in my direction as she continued cleaning her rifles barrel with a long pipe cleaner brush .
about halfway to the driveway i stumbled a little over a piece of iron pipe that had once been part of a workout bike or something , and i almost brought both hank and julie down on top of me .
the moment cobb raised it to his mouth , chris recognized it as the stem from a pipe .
a pipe from the early seventeen-hundreds .
chris watched hornblossom tuck the article into his jacket , then pull his pipe from his pocket .
there was a faint electronic hum as the clear liquid inside was aspirated into a piece of glass tubing and started to move along a narrow pipe .
i managed to run to it , managed to fit inside , the old musty concrete of the pipe pressing into my nostrils , and there i waited , heartbeat pressed up close to my chest , teeth shaking in my head , as i waited for the sounds outside to cease .
chapter four in a small , but cozy study on the first floor of a well-kept townhouse on the rue bonaparte in st. germaine , lepage sat hunched over his writing desk , his evening pipe clutched in his teeth .
standing at the stone rail , his back to the door , he pulled his pipe from inside his dinner tailcoat and began packing it in preparation for a smoke .
taking a casual puff on his pipe , lepage took two leisurely steps toward the corner of the terrace where there had been placed a potted , flowering tree .
instinctively , lepage tossed his pipe and dove toward the stone wall at the edge of the terrace .
patrick glanced to his right , where lepage was standing , his lit pipe held in front of him , in an open doorway .
lepage merely puffed from his pipe , then turned toward one of the inner doors .
after climbing the steel stairs to the pillar 's first landing , lepage had unpacked his pipe and stood smoking and watching the steady stream of patrons flowing into the exposition .
the drummer was melnone , nottias brother , and nottia was going to pipe the sacred song .
while thinking and walking , athys passed and repassed before the pipe of the stove , broken in halves , the other extremity passing into the chamber above ; and every time she passed and repassed she heard a murmur of words , which at length fixed her attention .
on the alert , i was nevertheless barely able to dart behind one of the raised boxes before the glow from his pipe flared a mere several yards in front of me .
manas eyes were open , and she said in her best governess voice , pipe down at once , neil , and come inside .
sipping his cognac and quietly smoking his pipe in the background , he looked as gentle as a lamb .
canaris lit his pipe and blew a smoke ring into the air .
he used to love that smell , the smell of his fathers pipe .
canaris took back his hand and used it to relight his pipe .
canaris exclaimed , almost dropping his smoking pipe from his lips .
canaris took another puff of his pipe and rolled his eyes comically .
canaris took another puff of his pipe and his face soured .
he leant on the rail and lit his pipe .
the pipe could be blocked .
i just had to swim up the pipe .
from rupert 's description , the pipe would be directly below me .
my feet kicked against the pool , and my hands continued to trace the castle 's walls , finally coming to the pipe .
a sense of death , of closeness , of lack of hope , swirled about me as i was lodged in the cramped pipe .
i floated back down the pipe , and reversed myself , a feat in the confined space .
pulling with all my weight , i snapped the bar and shoved it against the wall , opening a space in the middle of the pipe .
but the slash along my arm from the rusted bar in the great hall 's pipe was throbbing too .
after a quick look , uman slung his ak-47 and pulled himself up into the pipe .
near the alps , '' he continued , and a plum of white smoke lifted into the air overhead as the man must have puffed from a pipe .
at one corner of the structure white smoke billowed from a rusty sheet metal pipe promising warmth .
he dismounted from the jeep and unscrewed the gas filler pipe located right beside the drivers seat .
lj , would you pipe down and quit ogling the car were here to steal it , not buy it !
as he reached toward the burning fire for an ember to light the pipe captain scarburg grabbed his arm .
at last the girls gaze came to rest on the table of an older man in a baggy brown coat smoking on a long-stemmed pipe .
he only gave her a hard look for her advice , puffing furiously at his pipe until he could not resist .
then you should stay with my uncle hetarth and i , she gestured over her shoulder to the older man , who removed his pipe to wave at them , leaving a thin stream of smoke trailing after .
when he heard landon , he snatched his pipe from his lips to squint at her .
the junior officers were , by and large , the sons of the well connected , and very few came up through the hawse pipe from the lower deck .
we must hide the box somewhere deeper , that the earth may protect it if necessary , come sananda got the box and led michelle out behind the house and into the thicket , we have a pump house at the source where we pipe our water , it has a door with a bolt and lock , i think it is a good place .
a sailor asked when the bosun had time to fill his pipe .
they say he loved to suck on a pipe when no one was around .
whats in that pipe that hes smoking ?
as the drummer continued to beat out his simple rhythm , the yellow-robed woman began to play on a small , high-pitched pipe .
she asked , lifting the pipe to her lips but resisting the urge to blow .
she pushed a new dart into the pipe , and this time she aimed at one of the spare chairs ; the dart sank a small way into the corner of a cushion , where it quivered gently .
ivan went to answer the knock and eleanor , disappointed at the break in her concentration , lined up the pipe with the seam and blew .
he sat down , and continued to shave slivers of wood from the end of the pipe as he spoke .
he blew the loose wood shavings from his pipe , and began to work his drill into the next hole .
she pulled out her pipe and aimed at the most central of the square targets .
i scanned the compartment and took hold of a metal pipe running across the ceiling .
from inside his coata plaid professors jacket with elbow patches and a button on his lapel that read bazinga ! gil pulled a pipe and slipped it into his mouth .
gil said , pulling his pipe from his mouth and taking a step closer to me at the same time that i took a step back .
he smiled before returning the pipe stem to his mouth .
with his other hand he pulled his pipe from his jacket once again and began packing it with tobacco .
on the table sat a kerosene lamp , a small wooden box and a pipe .
jack moved in closer , so close kurt could smell his aftershave and the faintest trace of pipe tobacco on his breath .
the process was similar to that used by a plumber when tracing a leaky pipe .
a bullet spanged off the other side of the pipe , and then everything went silent .
she could barely see the bomb from her position behind the pipe , but its presence was impossible to ignore .
barr crouched over the voice pipe array , bridge , director .
good news from macdonald , the leading stoker , hes checked the engine and repaired the fault ; it was a blocked lubrication pipe on one of the bearings .
he waited until the convoy disappeared from sight , behind the looming bulk of the island then he leant to the voice pipe and ordered full ahead .
* * * the sharp metallic sound the pipe made on the stove was the first sign of life stilson had heard since arriving at the door .
goddard ignored his mentor , jimmy the one asked me if you was at anchor , how many times you would pipe the side for a visiting admiral .
an old man sat on a chestnut bench beside the door , puffing on the end of a broken clay pipe , a scruffy dog lay at his side .
but theres nothing new under the sun , he said , pointing at it with his pipe as if he thought grant too young to know where it was .
he paused to pull furiously at his pipe , from the midst of a cloud of acrid smoke , that would have done a first world war coal-burner proud , he continued .
he turned abruptly and walked to the gunnery voice pipe , his direct line to the gunnery officer high above them in the director .
first job , get the lecky to rig up a portable light down here he paused as his words were drowned out by the crash and rattle of the anchor cable leaping its way up the hawse pipe from the cable locker .
he took a deep pull at his pipe , it seemed to calm him .
fighting to keep his voice steady he bent to the wheelhouse voice pipe .
it was grey , his voice echoing eerily in the confines of the metal pipe , signal from flag , im afraid .
epilogue barr settled back in his chair , drained the last of his pink gin and lit his battered pipe .
he rose , a little unsteadily , from his chair , banged his pipe out in the desk ashtray and turning out the light staggered to his bunk .
the chief lit the ceremonial pipe with a long slender stem from the fire .
the smoke from the pipe rose into the night air and disappeared out of the glow of the fire .
the pipe was smoked , and beverages were consumed .
the chief was handed a pipe , which he accepted from one of his wives .
the pipe was shared and passed around .
inserting the tubs plug , she turned the faucet on the pipe .
melody touched the flame to the end of the fuse on the first pipe bomb .
doing so , would raise the gate which was a section of steel pipe about eight feet long .
as soon as his forehead cleared the pipe , ted started to straighten his back and legs .
it sounded like a piece of ... pipe !
it smacked the weapon away as kat bolted for the lead pipe shed laid by one of the boxing machines .
the surge of purple faded , leaving the blue , and kat breathed deeply and dropped the pipe as her heart quieted .
he grabbed a makeshift bell crafted from a junked helicopter part and , flinging open a window , banged the contraption with a metal pipe .
a terrorist threw a pipe bomb onto one of our employee buses , badly injuring some of the passengers .
in the hut where i stayed , an old man sprawled on the floor mats smoking an opium pipe , observing me with a runny eye .
open the water-gate cried every , and everyman behind him echoed the cries loudly as a grinding of metal clunked beneath the waves and foamy chop began to fill the pipe system with bright turquoise seas .
ah , said every , who paused to stop digging and light his pipe , its a relatively new kind of pirate paradise , where all the animals go when they die .
my name is scarborough black , and as she held out one hand to shake she pulled out a pipe with the other .
here is the one place to stuff your pipe or wet your pallet , and the tap never runs dry .
like she 's brand new , jacob replied then smoked on his pipe .
the closest i have experienced was a finnish spy shimmying up a drainage pipe in berlin to escape the m.o.d .
he fished a stone-bowled pipe from his carrying net , packed it with tobacco , and lit up .
we have taken a vow to go back to the old ways , hawk said , taking another draw on the pipe .
after the dance , the men gathered around the fire and began passing a pipe .
he drew deeply on the pipe and winced at the bitterness of the tobacco .
he dug a clay pipe out of his coat and packed it with tobacco .
without a word he calmly lit his pipe , and gave it a few preliminary puffs .
he stuck the pipe back in his mouth , and then gave his horse a sharp kick , moving forward on the path .
he pointed with the end of his pipe to the trail behind him .
he leaned back in his saddle , and took another puff of his pipe .
montrose said nothing , but simply puffed quietly on his pipe .
only montrose remained seated in his rocking chair , chewing thoughtfully on his now unlit pipe .
he stuck his pipe angrily between his teeth once more , still unlit .
for about a minute he stared at the ground , chewing vigorously at his pipe .
he pulled out his pipe and tapped it thoughtfully in his hand .
he lit his pipe .
he drew a long draught on his pipe , then blew out a stream of smoke .
he puffed at his pipe , the smoke rising in gray wisps .
his shadow nodded , then turned and brought the smoldering pipe back to his bearded lips , and strode back to the house .
i whirled and blew through the pipe .
i dont blame you after the way i acted tonight , mr. pith said , putting the pipe back to his lips and taking a long , deep breath from it .
mr. pith laughed as thorn passed the pipe back to him .
afterward , she went to colonel penser 's office and found him smoking his pipe .
play xenon metalica katree requests sis to pipe in her favorite music ending two days of silent contemplation for marissa .
one minute later lawrence crossed the roof by sliding over water cresting the top of a thick pipe and flew down the wet fire escape .
this ones design fault was a tiny sewer pipe leading to the higher chambers .
a few minutes later lucy burst out the sewer pipe to the surprise of lawrence who hugged her tightly .
i left a note , placing it on the mantelpiece where uncle lit his pipe after an early evening stroll .
he holds up the monitor as he tokes off the pipe , which has made its way back around the room to him .
the creature slumped on top of him , and then its weight moved to the side , and there was pete leaning over him , a massive pipe wrench clenched in his right fist .
looking out a window above the sink , he saw the metal pipe angled up into the rocks on the slope above the tree house , allowing gravity to carry the water from a spring .
do n't give up your readymade life for a pipe dream .
two were armed with clubs , one brandished a rusty knife and the last sported a short section of metal pipe .
*** astaban backed up , keeping abby behind him and warily watching the bald-headed thug brandishing a long metal pipe in front of him .
he fought her erotic oral assault and dropped the radio to grab her arm and push her off , but before he could , she removed the knife from his wind pipe .
john made a signal to mal to get ready with the pipe cutters and pointed to the gate where , by now , the detainees were gathering , thankfully quietly .
they just pipe down their updates each day .
zander thrust the pipe at him , not sure he had the strength to heft it again .
the words hit claire like a blow , and the tears began to pour out as if the force had broken a pipe .
the plastic bags would have to be tied over a leaking pipe if he did not find a tap , then empty the water into the condoms and tie the tops .
fifty metres slightly downhill he found the slow steady leak from the pipe .
`` the water pipe from the pump-house down to the restaurant follows this path , '' explained pater .
surrounding the pipe were four pads , each sending up a very intense scan of one particular area in the room above , roughly half a meter square , and raoul had just stepped out of it , but hopefully he would soon be back in front of sue .
a drain pipe some distance away could offer protection from a mech bug attack .
the mech bug cloud was much closer now , but so was the drain pipe .
they hurried to the drain pipe , crushing stricken insects underfoot .
now you , he said star doffed her backpack and wedged herself into the drain pipe , feet first .
i dont think they mean to attack us , he called back into the drain pipe .
one is an old man sitting outside his hut , cross-legged on the ground , smoking a long stemmed clay pipe .
the man took a final puff of his pipe , and then marched with superior purpose to the trailer door .
erik watched himhe 's taunting me , he told himselfand continued puffing his pipe .
j performed a pantomime of pipe smoking and goose-stepping to try and get through .
`` why do n't ya light yer pipe ?
let the man have his stupid pipe . ''
he trained the beam on erik 's pipe and followed the smoke , straining his eyes as it drifted upward .
the door to the hogan opened and a very old , thin man stood looking out , holding a pipe in his mouth with one hand and holding the door open with the other .
old billy re-lit his pipe .
he put another log in the stove , poured some more coffee and re-lit his pipe .
you believed once , old billy said , gazing through his pipe smoke .
he regarded luis with a curious expression , puffing his pipe more vigorously .
billy nodded to himself as he smoked his pipe , and luis helped himself to some food .
yes , i suppose some of this is so billy sat back in his rocker and lit his pipe .
he re-lit his pipe .
billy rocked back and forth in his chair , puffing on his empty pipe .
billy regarded his son through squinted eyes and a billow of pipe smoke .
his pipe slipped out of his mouth and dropped in his lap .
he picked up the pipe and lightly brushed the ashes away .
billy looked at him and lit his pipe .
dylan could see that he had a big white beard like father christmas and was smoking a long pipe .
no , i agree , the old man said and three new smoke rings came out of his pipe .
all in good time , young guardian , all in good time , he took another puff of his pipe .
mr. greene , if you are going to try to blend in during your stay in my time , i strongly recommend that you learn the joys of a good pipe .
the captain demonstrated lighting his own pipe before handing the burning splint to jeff .
your pipe , mr. greene , the captain said , holding it over the table .
coxen had taken notice , so now that you may survive the experience , how do you like the pipe ?
i still think smoking is disgusting , but the pipe is cool !
as he stumbled back into the cabin , the captain was just re-loading his pipe for another smoke .
remember , suck the smoke in slowly and hold it in your mouth , coxen said as he lit a splint and held it to his pipe before passing it to jeff .
the captain wrinkled his brow , are you referring to that piece of glass with the odd waxy rim and pipe ?
the captain approached , smoking his pipe .
both men ate hungrily and then relaxed with a pipe afterwards .
our smoke grass filled a many of pipe , our hides warmed many a soul , and the meat we procured were some of the tastiest .
he is smoking what appears to be a homemade pipe with some tobacco in it .
a rusting exhaust pipe extended up through a hole in the awning , for all its fast lines the craft moved slowly , its engine barely turning revolutions , with each chug a small puff of gray smoke coming from the stack .
so if i measure this bore , he calculated some figures on a piece of paper , then multiply a formula , binford tells me the age of the pipe .
the pipe is not definitive .
ill get the camera and take a record shot of the clay pipe in its site .
the cat jumped into the pit and sniffed at the pipe , rubbed against franks bare leg for a moment and then bounded away into the high grass .
the cannon and the clay pipe had been found in soil contemporary to the one maggie was searching .
at that moment the structure reversed its slide at the bulldozer and shifted quickly and harshly in the other direction , snapping the remaining corner posts and throwing pieces of plumbing pipe and sections of plaster through the air as the building let loose a final spring of energy and collapsed .
while he filled his pipe , he convinced andrew to go upstairs and get some sleep ; they were leaving at first light .
with the pipe between his teeth , he casually asked the room , any questions about this morning ?
mr. miller sat opposite them quietly sipping his coffee and smoking his pipe .
mr. miller stuffed his pipe back into the little pouch around his waist , maybe .
the crew all cheered and as the officers began commanding them to pipe down horsa continued , without modern weapons , we shall have to fight like piratespirates without guns that is .
as he stood up she saw he had a pipe and a pouch of tobacco .
a yellow flame snapped open and i saw a glass pipe being lit .
but with a little pipe rerouting , the water from the outside the hull can come inside .
they grunted and groaned as the pipe squeaked in time with their movements .
the pipe leading out from the commode ( too much detail , you say ? )
the horns became ever louder , funnelling down the delta between the walls of trees like a wind pipe .
it was an exhaust pipe for her emotions .
while wandering through town one sunday afternoon , i was drawn to a magnificent building by the sounds of a pipe organ .
the pipe organ played amazing grace .
girls were a pipe dream .
takes the pipe out of her mouth before pulling the nightgown over her head .
unks grabs his pipe while following them out the front door .
unks places his pipe in his mouth as mrs. guvenossie places her arm through the hole between unks bent arm resting on his hip .
cass darts mid-deck in time to see the cap light his pipe on the wheelhouses balcony .
he places his foot on the lower rail while lighting his pipe .
a nineteen-year old apprentice plumber had wiped the primer carefully around the male and female parts of the ready to assemble pipe .
the pvc pipe , succumbing to the constant water pressure , separated and hundreds of gallons of water began dissolving the dirt behind the three-inch thick cavern wall .
but those crunch also tought his hair straight pipe bristling !
for the umpteenth time , he wished his pipe werent broken .
powell held up briar pipe hed been turning over in hand and smiled .
he could always hope to track her down again , but in beta sector alone , with tens of thousands of people , was that anything more than a pipe dream ?
the pipe came out of the ground not twenty feet up the hill , and splashed onto the concrete slab as it created a small stream that flowed down the hill toward the river .
she slid under the water cascading out of the large pipe .
he unbuckled his seat belt and mustered all the adrenaline he had left and grabbed the steel pipe , and pulled it out of his side .
she was looking at the narrow pipe which was connected to the dark area .
away from the angry shouting , alvin glanced at the pipe attached to the house and started climbing it as fast as he could .
five stories above ground , the ruins were topped with the twisted , crumpled wreckage of its upper structure , the rooftop littered with concrete and steel , pipe and block .
two workers used oversized wrenches to unbolt the pipe protruding from the ground rock .
there was a howl from the engine , a cloud of black smoke belched out the exhaust pipe but all four wheels gripped and propelled the jeep up the bank .
the place was in darkness and within fifteen minutes i 'd loosened the fuel pipe . ''
he pointed to an inspection pipe with top section removed .
spin something about a faulty gas pipe that set off an explosion .
he leaned back in his chair as pipe smoke began to encircle his head .
captain welles spat at the ground and then began to fill his pipe .
they would lock us up and accuse us of spreading unnecessary fear induced by smoking the peace pipe too much .
hed already taken the cover off the boat and was stood looking up at it , a pipe hanging from his lips .
* * * ship was waiting outside for us when we arrived the next morning , sending smoke signals on his pipe .
i turned away so it couldnt see me and again saw the old man in the grave with the pipe .
ship had smoked a pipe , all those years ago .
i knew i should have been happy that i wasnt being chased but i also felt abandoned , whatever the pipe smoking ghoul was it had me all to itself .
i wandered round the churchyard , laughing as i passed places i recognised from saturday night- the field out the back and the big stone tomb where id first seen the ghost with the pipe .
he took another hit from his pipe and said , i think i may have something better for you .
ted coughed as he took another hit from his pipe and set it down .
it seemed an overambitious architects pipe dream .
his eyes were dour brown , and his teeth were only a few shades lighter from the odour of his breath , furn suspected he was a man who enjoyed a stiff pipe .
hollis fumbled with his pipe , loading it with tobacco .
albert put his pipe down and folded his arms , he coughed a little , then muttered to himself .
youre not going anywhere until we hear from your government , so pipe down !
after spending a few minutes marveling at the spring of water that flowed through the pipe whenever they so desired it , he was within two feet of the tree line when a tremendous roar rose from out of nowhere .
chapter three the butler in a black starched waistcoat carrying a silver tray with her fathers pipe , newspaper and slippers on , stepped out onto the rich red carpeted floor .
or as a peace pipe .
divine reed pipe the chief of the security service received a hot report : somebody has passed the test of the warriors of desert .
the head of south african secret intelligence waved brian to a chair while he puffed mightily , attempting to blow some life into the remaining embers of his pipe .
ronnie smoked weed , as usual , but this time through a glass one-hitter pipe , puffing sporadically through both movies , and he and jamie also sipped makers mark whiskey straight , throughout the double feature .
she walked over and picked up an elaborately shaped glass marijuana pipe fashioned like a dolphin jumping out of the water .
he smoked his pipe , and his gaze was a faraway look of serenity and peace .
he noted that one of the three huts at the far side of the clearing had smoke trickling from the iron pipe which stood for a chimney .
`` i do n't want you to smoke dagga in here , '' i told him firmly after i had watched him light his pipe for the third time .
stoeckl worked as an instructor at the automotive college , had a pleasant personality and instantly offered to repair anything from a leaking pipe to a flat tire .
sir reginald stopped rocking and let the pipe hang loosely from his mouth .
elodie spun her chair around away from the row of partitioned , grey pcs and reached into her donkey jacket pocket for her newly bought stainless steel pipe and plastic bag of opiated hash .
she drew hard on the pipe , holding the smoke in her lungs for several seconds before exhaling and then reached for the remains of her last double expresso which she gulped back .
as it did so the two foot tall exhaust pipe swiveled along with it .
most of the actual sewage was channeled through pipe work four feet in diameter .
the grunts carried not only guns and knives , but sections of pipe and propane torches .
the pressure on archies wind pipe eased .
grabbing a two foot long pipe , a remnant of the landing gear , he bear-crawled into the brush .
he pointed at a miraculously produced clay pipe and a tattered bag of tobacco .
- said preston and fished his crooked pipe from a bulging side pocket - `` whatever they are cooking has to mesh well with the documents .
- enthused preston , perilously waving his lit pipe , sparks airborne across the carpeted room - `` it 's not about who his grandmother may have slept with or how many of his relatives were gassed in the euthanasia program that he himself initiated .
her love of music and ability to perform was owing to as many good souls as we had to entertain her with the pipe and the fiddle and the rest .
then the man fell , going down with a hard grunt , and ed rose behind him with a length of bent pipe in his hands .
shimmied down a pipe outside my window .
i had acquired an exquisite chinese water pipe with a cloisonne base of chinese enamel , a box for opium , and a set of tweezers .
but i could n't hide the pipe .
`` what we have here is a tang dynasty cloisonne water pipe , only smoked by members of the ruling classes .
he rose to a furious crescendo of accusation : `` i put it to you that it was you who rode this bicycle while under the influence of drugs , that it was you who obtained this opium pipe for the purpose of drug abuse , and that you were in possession of illegal drugs ! ''
i could neither rattle the pipe nor look inside , nicky said , and there was no way i could tell what was in it .
it was the only legal pipe in scotland .
my antique curios were gone , including the cloisonn opium pipe .
there are certain things people you are paying to work for you wo n't do ; it was up to me to go in there , find the pipe , and bend it over .
to find the broken pipe , i had to dive under about five feet of muddy , freezing water .
i had to go under again and again , for what seemed like half an hour , groping with my right hand which became numb and unfeeling , until i fumbled upon the pipe .
you saw me putting that pipe in . ''
when i heard of their intent , i exclaimed triumphantly , `` pipe music is perfectly legal ; only electronic music can be too loud !
the front bumper was actually a four-inch thick iron pipe that stretched all the way across the front .
as the early 1940s cadillac drove past he felt the hot wind emitting from its exhaust pipe and smelled the raw gasoline odor that comes from an engine left idling too long in the hot august sun .
he motioned to the giant pipe .
`` pipe it for now , little man .
he sensed it-could feel it pooling deep inside of him-but barely , as if the pipe between him and the power was clogged .
packing tobacco into his pipe , peridals brow furrowed as he tried to remember the name of master jocastins apprentice .
breslin mumbled something and pulled his own pipe out but then scowled as he realized he had forgotten his pouch of tobacco .
breslin packed his pipe full and tossed the pouch back .
he lit the tip of a twig from the hearth and held it out to his pipe , inhaling as he did so .
the water just went down the wrong pipe .
once he had completed emptying of the cans ; he tossed them aside , unaware that one of the cans had cracked a gas pipe upon impact .
the base covered a section of pipe set vertically into the ground .
checking on foleys progress filling up the bus the cap being tightened , the pump pipe being returned to its holster he grinned wickedly .
the chimney pipe cracked under the strain .
the knight smoked a pipe , probably waiting for him to fail again .
but the knight still smoked his pipe , hastin noticed from inside , frowning to himself and staring down at the straw man , probably thinking of the past battles he had fought inor worrying about basha .
he fished around in his pocket for his pipe and pulled it out , noticing at the same time that the little girl stared fixedly at him .
`` do as you like , little one , '' replied the scholar , contentedly drawing on the pipe .
asked the scholar , casually puffing on his pipe and crossing his long legs comfortably .
he 'd pulled out his pipe , filled it , and now puffed gently , his rapid stride slowed to a more leisurely gait .
fretfully , he sat then walked , his pipe in his mouth and his hands jammed in his pockets .
he watched as the head drooped , laid his pipe on the ground , and carefully lifted the slight figure into his arms .
autoc lounged back on his elbows , his expression bland as he puffed contentedly at his pipe .
the scholar ambled over to a chair and threw himself into it , stretched his very long legs fully out and his hand fumbled in his pocket for his pipe .
autoc strode back to where the fire had been and lounged down , his pipe to his mouth .
`` take this pipe , boy , and recite for us .
together they ran through the halls , dodging people and racing along corridors , until , panting , they arrived at the door to autoc 's chamber , where he was ensconced in a chair with a book open in his lap and a pipe at his mouth .
`` no you ca n't , lad , '' disagreed autoc , looking up from his pipe .
`` aye , '' agreed kel , beginning to whistle along with the pipe .
jaim pulled his pipe from his pocket .
`` good , '' came the faint comment as the gnosti 's eyes shut and his pipe , that had replaced the flower , fell from slack fingers .
satisfied , he sighed and pulled a pipe from his pocket .
they just sat companionably , autoc with a pipe in his mouth .
while she cooked , their third evening together , nikos settled himself against a tree , his lower body enveloped in lush undergrowth , where , comfortable , he drew out a double-reed pipe .
when chlorien beckoned the rox for food , he put the pipe back in his pocket and came across to the fire , crouching opposite her with an appreciative whiffle of his nostrils .
picture an elderly man with wild , gray hair , and small , square glasses hanging from a large , bulbous nose , the smell of menthol emanating from him as he puffed on a fancy pipe .
i shouldered into pipe wrench guy who had doubled over when tina got him in the stomach with her pistol .
after lighting his pipe , the leprechaun answered , `` in cornwall ; the area be alive with glamour , i 'll have ye know - many still be keepin ' stock in tradition .
seconds later there was a hiss like steam escaping a pressurized pipe .
there was the storm pipe .
chapter 18 maybe it was the fact it was n't raining out here , or there was no gale to try to rip at my clothes , but i made it down the storm pipe in good time and without once slipping and falling to my death .
impulsively , he put the flute to his lips and blew across the top of the center pipe .
with a resounding thunk , he cracked dagnard across the head with the short metal pipe but the dragons invisible wards absorbed most of the strike .
he sat unmoving , puffing on ipids own long-stemmed pipe .
anger rushed through ipid at the thought of this man smoking his tobacco in his pipe .
he did not even miss a beat in the steady workout that he was giving the long-stemmed pipe .
the sword had appeared out of nowhere , and even as he held it , he sat in the same relaxed position , the pipe clinched between his teeth .
beyond confusion , ipid looked at his captor , hoping that he would explain the joke , but the young man was pounding the ash from the pipe as if his captive no longer existed .
two puffs on the pipe and the captain began to speak in what was supposed to be a friendly tone , but his dominating presence and rich voice made it sound more commanding than conversational .
the drink was followed by another barrage of puffs from the short-stemmed pipe .
pa chewed on his pipe and looked at nothing .
he inhaled deeply and picked up the little glass pipe he had bribed a college kid to buy for him .
the fat turbaned gateman informed them through a cloud of smoke from his hashish pipe that a fine road led from his gate to the great city of venice , a city where anything could be had if a man had gold enough , even a pretty virgin boy .
i thought that you were letting all the designers know about the iron pipe swords ! ''
they were excited about banging pipe swords against wrought-iron frames .
her iron pipe sword had tripped her up just yesterday .
considering we had just been talking about what wed done that day i shrugged it off and smiled , saying , thanks , pipe .
alright , pipe , heres the deal i started , explaining my outrageous plan to save chloe , who had just been forced to her knees by the two guards .
cruz and i raced around the skate park , flying over the jumps and up the half pipe .
falsig stood in the doorway with a big smoking pipe in his mouth and a sly grin on his lips .
interesting , dr fozz said and put his pipe in his mouth , but didnt light it .
the old man said around his pipe .
oh , you know , the old man waved his pipe in the air .
his other companion , a shorter teenager , indicated the far wall , where another sewer pipe joined with the main tunnel .
the scot stood glaring down the pipe and as the rats rushed to surround him , he kicked down at the swarming , furry little bodies , breaking the backs of a few , although there were far too many for one person to deal with .
only fragments of her dream now remained , like the smell of a pipe after the smoke has cleared .
i was at the markets with mother about three months ago and whilst she was arguing with a vendor about some cabbage i smelt this old mans pipe smoke .
he smoked a long wooden pipe .
its as hard to grasp as that pipe smoke .
a thick curl of pipe smoke weaved like a serpent around his head .
feldorian tobacco from the nimgor peninsula , hunor guessed , but intermingled with pipe weed from the stormy scattered isles .
you allow his incisive wit to cut you far too readily , ekra-hurr , lemon-bite said , dragging on his pipe .
he had a pipe organ next to his throne that echoed throughout the entire slot .
krage appeared delighted when he heard of the glassblowing workshop and spent a carefree afternoon firing the oven and skillfully softening a block of green glass that he stuck to the end of a long ceramic pipe .
he exchanges his clothing for a large towel he finds on his bed and follows an attendant to the bathing area where hot water flows from a pipe into a marble pool , filling the room with steam .
there were rust stains from the broken drainage pipe , next to the window , and the shutters lay on the floor , broken , splintered .
he saw her father who kept wishing she was a boy ; a mother who was strict and beat her with a thin iron pipe .
sho kanoko battered the plague victims with a steel pipe taken from an iv pole .
he yawned , thinking about his cot , his scotch , and his pipe tobacco , gone mouldy in the humidity .
hed spent the last two days of june instructing the omnimaker in the garage to print out such oddities as glasses , a mail box for in front of the house , several odd and uncomfortable items of clothing , a jell-o mold , and the tobacco pipe , for which hed developed a growing fondness .
ted pulled out his tobacco pouch and tamped a portion into his pipe .
not to be negative , simon , said ted , cradling the bowl of his pipe , but it sounds like fido here is an appliance .
you pick your top three and ill weigh in later , ted said across his pipe , grabbing his new fedora from the hat rack .
the roof was high above the street , and the drain pipe was old and rickety .
she waited , counting ten breaths , and then reached for the pipe , intending to use her fingernail to tap a beacon .
lovas sat on the floor enjoying a pipe , his back against the wall .
or maybe that was the number of times shed relieved herself in the corner , where a pipe let in air that was foul , but at least not stale .
armin vennthe caravans fur traderstood atop a table , capering in time to johanns pipe as the crowd clapped .
it was late ; only one old man sat in the common room , smoking a pipe and staring into the fireplace .
he took the pipe out of his mouth and watched as a rather large frog floated away .
mr. miller took out his tobacco pouch and grabbed his pipe off the table .
mr. miller lit his pipe and blew smoke rings into the high rafters .
mr. miller sat there thinking and puffing on his pipe .
he tapped his pipe on the palm of his hand , looked at the little gray mass as if analyzing its contents and then dropped the ashes onto the sand .
i left the bank with a temporary checkbook and a debit card , walking across the parking lot back to the car where the agent was waiting for me , the heat from the exhaust causing the tale pipe to steam in the cold .
the computer genius hacked a nearby electrical power pole and delivered a constant flow of juice into the efs little grid ; benny managed to tap into a working gas pipe , directing enough gas to the resort to supply its needs .
hacker was the first to pipe up with one of his irreverent questions .
anyx nodded sagely and took another suck on the disgusting pipe , causing everyone to wince at the slurping noise it made .
but it had proved to be a pipe dream .
so just shove that in your pipe and smoke it , smarty pants . ''
she survived the hit and knocked out the person that used the pipe on her .
even more astonishing was hearing rolf pipe up and ask ; excuse me , my lord , only a hint of sarcasm present in his voice , but could you tell me how long the body has been hanging here ?
besides , i want to finish my pipe . ''
she listened to their pipe playing at night while she ate her bread and cheese all alone , and knew that they were only camped around the bend from her .
except as necessary to pass the pipe around , the others in the circle , elizabeth , mel , janet and chief winnebago , had their eyes closed and appeared to be concentrating , on what bates did n't know .
`` get me that pipe and tobacco you bought at the wawa .
he moved the pipe and tobacco right through the plastic !
he quickly gave the pipe back to steve , who passed it on at last to goyahkla .
goyahkla bit the end off the pipe handed the remainder to bates , and then spit the end out , hitting bates in the face .
the pungent pipe smoke hung in the air , casting a hazy pall over the grove where they two sat .
the fire continued to crackle as gungrier sat in silence , absently refilling his pipe .
after the meal was finished , gungrier lit his pipe and began to smoke , and then suddenly the three travelers stood up .
the captain left the science deck at a reasonably dignified trot , puffs of tobacco smoke being blown out of his pipe as though he were a steam-locomotive under load .
the sense of hate hangs across the room , as tangible to mary as the cloud of cigar and pipe smoke .
no matter what id done to erins mind , there was little chance the police would believe shed shot it god knows how many times , then broken its back before impaling it with a bit of pipe .
johnny picked up the pipe and wielded it , raising it in the air for jake to see .
vic tapped the pipe .
johnny said , twirling the pipe in his hands .
the pipe he was holding dropped to the floor and another hand clawed at his chest .
johnny moved in quickly and swung the pipe like a baseball bat , making solid contact with lucas ' forehead .
he looked around and picked up a piece of pipe laying nearby .
the little man nonchalantly puffed on a cob pipe as he looked back in their direction .
vaughn inhaled from his pipe and then took it out from between his lips .
vaughn pointed his pipe at macklin and said with a harsh tone , `` never ya be mindin ' me motivation fer offerin ' aid , ye ungrateful shit .
he picked up a pipe from a small coffee table that was almost completely covered with leather-bound volumes .
with pipe in mouth you watched the seasons change while , flickering behind your eyes , the tales of lore and legend leaped like dancing sparks .
there was a long , metal pipe that lucas had used as a weapon lying on the floor a few feet away .
i opened my eyes and swung down as hard as i could and the pipe landed against the side of her head .
finally , hatties body was completely still and i dropped the pipe to the floor .
will witnessed in that moment when , like a crazed animal , sam raced back down the street the way they had run , screaming , with a length of charred pipe in her hands .
i saw some pipe !
at first they all three tried pulling on the pipe , and it did move , but only slightly .
with what sam felt was proof that they were making progress , she and her brothers worked the pipe back and forth as it moved more and more in each direction .
for several long minutes he tried this angle and that , moving the pipe about in search of a better point to leverage the chain , but no matter what he tried he couldnt manage to get it to work .
she said , taking the pipe from him and demonstrating .
instead , the handles on either door began to bend closer and closer together as the pipe became harder and harder to twist and before they knew it , both sam and jack were panting , having come to a complete stop , unable to twist it further .
sitting up again , she watched as jack removed the pipe and tossed it aside before looking at her somewhat impatiently .
in one room , a young tattooed man was handcuffed to a steel pipe that had been built into a concrete wall undoubtedly for the purpose of holding someone indefinitely .
asked another , lighting a pipe and drawing in deeply .
dal exhaled and placed the pipe on the floor , struggling to stop the fuzz as it clouded his thoughts .
they returned to their room where most were sleeping , all except gabriel , who was sitting on the floor smoking his pipe .
i stuck the top of my staff inside and saw an old drainage pipe a few feet inside the opening .
if something comes from upstairs and this drain pipe at the same time , were screwed .
hey , ask sarila is she can spare 50 feet of half inch pvc flex pipe and a 30 foot rope ladder , i said .
thyzil had already snapped several glow sticks to light up the cavern so i could begin constructing a pentagram from the pvc pipe .
the neat thing about pvc pipe is that it doesnt weigh much and is easy to balance .
`` that blast was my last line of defense and if you would n't have held back you probably would 've knocked a good bit of wind out of me if not crushed my wind pipe completely before getting knocked back . ''
this of course is a pipe dream but it gives them hope .
santino remembered the man with the pipe well .
i repeated disbelievingly , and they nodded , granddad refilling his pipe as he said he posted that to darla , and darla sent it here .
yern took a drag off his pipe and tried to shove the thought of the snails out of his mind ; but , the spirits forgive him , how he craved them !
three men and two women were sitting in straight whicker chairs around a stove pipe , another group of people were sitting at a table eating pie and drinking lemonade , and there were several small clumps of people talking with one another .
surely the stack of feathers and assortment of smudge sticks would 've been used and replaced , but great cloud 's medicine pipe was as familiar as the contents of ice 's own dresser drawer .
she punched the wall to rattle the hot water pipe , youll do that anyway .
now both of you either pipe down or go to bed !
as she popped out , dragging a wooden pipe with her .
he thought about his failed attempts to light the pipe the fairy had given him .
i love smoking my pipe . ''
he pulled his pipe from his pocket and filled it with fresh herb .
he tapped out his pipe and followed nord back into the house .
jaxon sat forward , pointing the mouthpiece of his pipe at nord .
jaxon pulled his pipe out of his pocket , and puffed away contentedly , watching missy and nord set up the camp .
a younger looking orc was smoking a pipe , when an older , larger male approached him .
ceryn settled into a chair and pulled out his pipe and filled it from a pouch .
captain welles had said , who appeared for all the world to jack to be the archetypal mariner with his ruddy , bearded face and stocky build , an old pipe tucked in the corner of his mouth .
the seaman puffed on his pipe for a moment before adding .
he ducked and whirled around as a piece of metal pipe missed his head by inches and smashed the window .
she raised the pipe and moved towards him , jared moved back trying to get around to the door but she kept moving , keeping the trap and herself between him and his way out .
jared tried to lunge past her but she raised the pipe and stood in his way again .
the pipe doesnt run through this shaft , but it crosses it up ahead .
`` nice pipe dream , '' gary returned .
judge told him to pipe down and he said another thing or two , including he was sorry that he had to say whatever it was then sat .
look , dont worry about the pipe .
as father sun was leaving this world , kaakik put away the black-weed pipe and brought out white paints and erased his face .
that evening he set aside his pipe and did not smoke , and when the cloud rose from the fire in his hut , it was his frustrated desire to walk this other path that i saw smoldering in his eyes .
kaakik stopped speaking then and smoked a great deal of tobacco , into his pipe he stuffed more and more harsh wads , and his eyes glazed from the old pain of being denied this other path .
he tapped old tobacco out of his pipe and put fresh tobacco in , he nodded to encourage both of us .
do what he says and my turn next i hear the other two voices abruptly pipe up .
he handed charlie a pipe filled with the stuff .
oh yeah , sorry , zoned out a bit , responded ted , taking a hit from his pipe .
his sister was not over the next hill , but a short , stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist , smoking his pipe .
they met the little man , still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe , perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world .
the beast smiled knowingly and the man grinned wryly around his pipe stem .
his mother smiled knowingly and shook her head ruefully ; his father momentarily took his pipe out of his mouth in curiosity but soon enough went back to his puffing .
one hand trailed on the floor , the other hung over the low backrest of the sofa , holding a smoking pipe .
he threw the remains of the pipe into the fireplace .
he returned with a pipe and a thin stringy retractable leash .
he handed his pipe to another of the guards and removed his lightweight robe .
the truck gasped through its exhaust pipe .
the old man was puffing happily on his pipe as brinn pulled his horse alongside .
balzimar drew deeply from the pipe and blew a long stream of smoke into the air , 'there 's more at work here than , your run-of-the-mill , flesh and blood , scoundrels .
remembers the cylindrical waist-high stove with the pipe running into the lowered iron curtain of the fireplace and alongside it the metal tray with old newspapers and kindling wood and the battered coal-pail .
they tinkled and skittered down the metal pipe and beyond his reach .
he rolled his eyes , took out a pipe from his pocket and stuffed it full of tobacco , then lit it and began puffing .
one of the sky raider guards barked at them to pipe down .
he hadnt smoked from his pipe in about two months , he just didnt crave the taste in his mouth like he once had .
finally finding a box that had seen better days , he lit his pipe and sucked deeply .
it wasnt the kind of smoke that was spawned from a tobacco pipe , it was a far fouler smoke .
he had widened the pipe as fast as humanly possible .
kassim drew on the pipe , inhaled , and blew it out in one long stream , it rankles , he agreed , but is no more than we deserve after the loss and exodus .
bentley , this is just a pipe dream , i said .
i made it to the plastic pipe , drilled two small holes two inches from its top , through which i threaded the wire .
sir charles sat in his wingback chair , puffing on a pipe .
sir charles leaned back in his chair and resumed puffing on his pipe .
marta had a pallet made for her , for she had no provisions of her own , and she lay next to groth who sat and smoked a pipe for some time .
he sat smoking his pipe watching his people .
the vampire snarls , the sound savage and strained as his wind pipe is constricted .
`` it 's a pity this is n't quite like that battlefield in korea , '' said mr. marlin casually as he unexpectedly took out a pipe and started to blow bubbles out of it .
he had his bubble pipe out again , and was blowing big soapy ones into the air .
`` and that pipe at the moment is my wand . ''
he blew on his bubble pipe gently , causing more bubbles to drift in a stream out into the air .
he eventually grew tired , sat on one of the crates , took a pipe and a couple glowstone marbles from his pocket , and began smoking between gagging coughs .
a greenish steam began to pipe up from within the mass , which dwindled as they all watched .
im a pipe man myself , he said .
he took out a bag of tobacco and started to pack his pipe .
he puffed at his pipe and stared up at the sky , alone in his thoughts .
he opened it , but the pipe that was inside was all soaked with water , as well as the tobacco .
the guardian took the pipe on his hands , turning it on with a firebrand .
he let him go , grabbed his pipe and went back to smoking .
dagger stealthily looked at olem , intent to charge his ivory pipe with tobacco as he sat next to moak .
their eyes met for a moment , then dagger moved his attention back to the door and olem began to reload his pipe , dark in face .
when they got back upstairs , they found moak sitting in front of the fireplace , with his pipe between the lips , thoughtful .
he took a new drag on his pipe .
glass covered every surface he could see , as if a giant glassblower had blown an entire building from his pipe .
he had a pipe in his mouth and stroked a grey goated beard .
he dry coughed from having inhaled too much from his pipe .
i even bought myself a pipe , but i dont smoke it .
various topics of research were scribbled within the book , ranging from the effects of certain alchemical concoctions on nearby plant life to the results of a particular mix of pipe weeds intended to attract dragons .
the man came forward , his pipe a small red dot in the darkening area behind the docks .
sxz : pipe me aboard , matey !
as duncan took a step forward to investigate , a large ice spike , the size of a pipe , rammed through his stomach .
sylvester smiled through the pipe .
here the guy sitting beside her offered me his pipe .
the pipe i had been using went into the building .
he reached to the end stand , took up his pipe , filled it , lit it , and took a deep puff .
he walked to the fireplace and lit his pipe .
he puffed into a pipe that extended from the device , and blew out a huge cloud of smoke , sighing deeply .
one of the sky raider guards barked at them , `` pipe down ! ''
suddenly , like water gushing from a ruptured pipe , a crowd of armored figures burst from the gate .
there is another kind of pipe in the net , that carries messages .
suppose , koof replied , that you were upstairs , and you had a pipe running from a tank of water up there , down to the first floor , where it empties into the bathtub .
their leader , a large man with leathery skin and deep-set eyes , armed with a sort of spear made from a pipe and a broken bottle , stopped and put his arms out to his sides , saying , hold back , dogs !
from that casket , a pipe led out into a mixture of glass tubes and devices .
he took out a slender , wooden pipe and lit it , looking at max with a kind grin and no fear whatsoever .
waling up to the fire , the visitor gently tapped the contents out of his pipe , and then looked up at the brilliantly lit sky , partially visible off the edge of the natural canopy .
the man smiled softly , and then lifted the pipe to his mouth .
pure grit , i must say , '' said draagh while displaying a bright expression , his eyes momentarily growing big , as he proceeded to reload his pipe .
draagh again filled his pipe and puffed away , with max noticing that the smoke made him feel quite relaxed .
`` wait , you know this , and yet you sit here hitting on a pipe and drinking whisky ?
draagh simply smiled as he pulled out his pipe , torching up some more of his beloved herb .
he picked up his pipe , which had fallen on the loading ramp , and tapped out the contents , then replaced it in a pocket in his leather jacket .
draagh went to load his pipe , but max grabbed his arm and whispered , `` draagh , not here , please . ''
draagh let out a small sigh , then casually took his pipe out from the pocket in his coat .
`` oh , i believe i shall be up above , enjoying the beautiful moon , and perhaps enjoying a bit of my pipe .
# # # draagh sat up in a turret at the top of the castle , puffing away at his pipe , when krynos approached him .
draagh smiled , and pulling his pipe back out , lit it up and puffed away while relaxing in the light of the rising full moon .
you depleted all of your resources while vaporizing the face of the arrogant fool who traveled to this world with us , '' exclaimed draagh as he puffed away on his pipe , which caused donus and krynos to wave their hands around in a vain attempt to dissipate the aromatic fragrances of his beloved herb .
draagh raised his eyebrows and pulled out his pipe , lighting it and looking out at the open western plains as siegfried 's corpse lay still , with only the chirping of birds and the buzzing of flies disturbing the peaceful tranquility of their surroundings .
draagh sat at the table with a grin as he played a bit with his long , braided mustache , his cherished pipe at the ready , and watching as all of his plans came to fruition .
rhea made her way to a large sewer pipe leading deep into a complex of twisting tunnels that was the underground sewer system .
he shrugged , taking a long puff of his pipe .
if he smoked he would be smoking a pipe about now , but he did n't smoke .
the gold pipe was missing , the one that normal y sat atop the mantelpiece in the drawing room like some revered item of plumbing but that-alexia knew from personal experience-hid two curved blades .
drake saw that niobe had only a piece of pipe in her hand , pressed against the back of the old man 's head .
a four-foot-tall set of thick pipe sections was stacked a dozen feet away .
nanny ogg thumbed some tobacco into her pipe and struck a match on her boot .
nanny ogg took her pipe out of her mouth .
nanny ogg was sitting on a chair just inside the door , smoking her pipe .
now you , ' she prodded agnes with her pipe , 'are a maiden .
magrat said , 'oh , i must have le- ' 'blow , i left my pipe back there , ' said nanny , so quickly that the sentence overtook the one in front .
'found your pipe , then , ' said magrat .
nanny paused with her pipe halfway to her lips .
the air was freezing cold , as if they found a way to suck the freon and the power from all the air conditioners in gatlin county and pipe it into county care .
he emptied his pipe , tapping the old tobacco over the side of the porch railing .
uncle abner took a long puff of his pipe and walked toward us .
it was the same one he had opened to fill his pipe .
it was n't a pipe or a stick .
chance shouted , but his voice sounded as if it came through a long tunnel or maybe out through a pipe organ .
his legs resembled matchsticks , arms like pipe stems , and his face was too young for so much pain , borne in my stead .
they were tied to something-a thick , cold pipe cut into my back .
i started pulling against the pipe , whipping my head from side to side .
wincing , i continued to pull away from the pipe .
the tent where wine and girls were served erupted into a louder round of roars and shouts than were normal this early in the evening , drowning out the reed pipe for a time .
the blind woman set her pipe down and her mouth quirked into a smile .
he sprinted after it , turning the corner just in time to see it grab hold of an overhead pipe .
he was hanging from a pipe , swaying in the air , dangling by his arms .
he tamped tobacco into his pipe and smiled .
nicodemus puffed on the pipe and regarded my bonds .
i took it , and found a ladder that led up some kind of pipe or shaft , with a light shining down from about seven hundred miles above .
extending my magic , i pierce a hole in the pipe and draw a jet of water through the ceiling .
i leaned a little into his body and was overcome by his smell of fresh ocean and pipe tobacco and the immediate urge to sleep .
he still smelled like that sweet pipe tobacco , a scent i would forever associate with weakening knees .
the imp took the pipe out of his mouth .
it was invented by some foreign bugger in his bath- ' 'well , ' said the pipe man , lighting it off the alchemist 's smouldering hat , 'i for one do n't see why people in this city need to go round shouting heathen lingo just 'cos they 've had a bath .
'that was n't sons of the dessert , ' said an elderly man pedantically , while he filled his pipe , 'that was valley of the trolls . '
nanny took off her hat and removed her pipe .
nanny peered at her through the pipe smoke. '
nanny tapped her pipe out on the rail and turned back to the saloon .
a figure was seated cross-legged in the gloom , smoking a pipe .
blue smoke coiled from nanny ogg 's pipe .
the outline of mrs gogol took its pipe out of its mouth .
mrs gogol reached into the cushions of her rocking-chair and , after some rummaging , produced a leather bag and a pipe .
mrs gogol took another puff at her pipe .
'i do n't trust anyone who drinks rum and smokes a pipe , ' said granny .
after the voodoo lady had gone nanny smoked her pipe some more and drank a little rum in a thoughtful sort of way , looking at the figure on the bed .
in the depths of the temple 's hidden plumbing , urn grasped a bronze pipe firmly with his spanner and gave the nut a cautious turn .
urn let the water gush for a moment as he struggled out of his robe , and then he rammed the sodden material into the pipe .
he spun around as fergmen hit the guard hard with a length of broken pipe .
most of it is moor land and steeply forested hillside , giving way to sharp and ragged mountains where even trolls would n't go and valleys so deep that they have to pipe the sunlight in .
she sat for a while in her spotless kitchen , drinking rum and smoking her foul pipe and staring at the paintings on the wall .
nanny ogg lit her pipe from the forge .
nanny ogg took out her pipe and scratched her ear with it .
occasionally a little wisp of smoke curled up from her pipe .
and he was generally found doing something fiddly with the hives , ambling across the kingdom in pursuit of a swarm , or smoking his pipe in his secret shed which smelled of old honey and wasp poison .
'chase a rat up a pipe in the wrong street and call me a liar .
he kept imagining figures , back there , sighting along some kind of pipe ...
the lecturer in recent runes swore that the 64-foot gravissima organ pipe went skywards on a pillar of flame .
the librarian was chewing the end of a piece of pipe and looking intently at the heap .
the ape put a smaller bend in the pipe .
in front of the saddle was a pipe with a complicated double curve in it , so that someone sitting in the saddle would be able to get a grip .
why are we in this pipe ? '
everyone out of the pipe . '
'hey , this wheel thing turns ... ' 'what 's a lovemaking pipe ? '
back along the pipe , maybe .
he fumbled down beside his cushion and produced a little leather bag of tobacco and a pipe the size of an incinerator .
if you felt like a smoke and could n't find a pipe , a book was your man every time .
he knocked the ashes out of his pipe on hex 's 'anthill inside ' sticker , causing ponder to wince .
ridcully pulled open a drawer in his hat and extracted his pipe and a pouch of herbal tobacco .
he banged his pipe on the side of hex 's listening tube and shouted : 'feeling all right , old chap ? '
this shack had an iron stove , with a pipe that went up through the thick cabbage-leaf thatch .
this voice sounded as though it was coming from someone standing on the roof and shouting down the pipe .
look , this one 's for that pipe shop in honey trap lane !
downspout spluttered a series of guttural syllables only pronounceable by someone with a mouth shaped like a pipe .
piece of pipe , two angled mirrors - the solution to all our steering and air problems ! '
the pipe slid down into the waves .
down below , lord vetinari took his turn to peer through the pipe .
there was a piece of mirror in the bend of the pipe .
the fan was spinning , grinding out its mournful squeak , but no water was coming out of the pipe .
the archchancellor puffed his pipe as the wizard climbed aboard .
'i was going to light my pipe with one ... ' he muttered .
she picked up her pipe .
mrs ogg took a suck at her pipe and her eyes twinkled at susan through the smoke .
`` sort of hard to do that , '' said boy willie , pulling out a pipe and beginning to fill it with tobacco , `` when your head 's nailed to a tree . ''
after a few days of this , it was amazing how glad people were to see the stupid-looking kid with his magical rat pipe .
he noticed nourishing looking around and sniffing the air as they trotted along a pipe .
rat-catcher 1 snapped the pipe in two and tossed the bits inside the cages .
maurice thought he heard a scrabbling noise at the other end of his pipe .
'we'll- ' he spun around at the sound of a rat coming along the pipe , and then wrinkled his nose .
maurice asked himself , as he squirmed along a pipe .
'they say that in porkscratchenz the council did n't pay him and he played his special pipe and led all the kids up into the mountains and they were never seen again ! '
'i do n't think he can pipe up even one rat , ' said keith .
'your rat pipe , ' said keith .
at the bottom of the pipe , inbrine shouted into a drain , 'now ! '
move it down and the pipe plays a special note humans ca n't hear .
said keith , strolling up and twirling the new rat pipe in his fingers .
sergeant dickins puffed on his pipe , and said : 'lads , you 're just flapping your mouths .
said the dwarf , his pipe clattering to the floor .
if granny thought you were a good shepherd-if she nodded at you when you walked out of the arena , if she puffed at her pipe and said , `` that 'll do '' -you walked like a giant for a day , you owned the chalk ... .
she was sitting on the step , smoking her pipe and watching the flocks .
granny smoked her pipe and stared at the new lambs and said : `` ye speak for your master , your master speaks for his dog .
next day the baron technically did give granny aching gold , but it was only the gold-colored foil on an ounce of jolly sailor , the cheap and horrible pipe tobacco that was the only one granny aching would ever smoke .
many 's a night she 'd share a pipe wi ' the kelda outside o ' her house on the wheelies !
he put the pipe back in his mouth , puffed his cheeks until the skin bag was full , and made tiffany 's ears bubble again .
granny watched him go while filling her pipe with jolly sailor .
she just smiled to herself , and puffed on her pipe , and waited until the right time .
a little water-wheel pumped water into a big stone cistern , and there was a pipe that led into the house .
the scarecrow man grabbed the first pipe and threw the coins into the air .
there is- there was a little old lady who was always at the front of the crowd , leaning on the hurdles with her pipe in her mouth with the two finest sheepdogs ever pupped sitting at her feet .
apart from the occasional old lady with a pipe , he 'd never seen a woman smoke before .
this was harder than it looked because more than half of the snooker table served as the archchancellor 's filing system , * and indeed to get to the hole the ball had to pass through several piles of paperwork , a tankard , a skull with a dribbly candle on it and a lot of pipe ash .
the jolly sailor 's pipe dropped out of his mouth as he stared .
`` showing off in front of the girls , '' said nanny , puffing at her hedgehog pipe .
the other diners did n't take much notice , even when death leaned back and lit a rather fine pipe .
his throat was a pipe of agony .
'that 's grandad , ' said creosote happily , 'always a- ' he intercepted conina 's gaze , which had the force of a lead pipe , and wisely shut up .
he took a length of pipe out of his mouth and tossed it aside , then pulled a clipboard out of his coat .
it seemed to have more than the expected number of feather mattresses , and several of the people wandering bemusedly down the gangplank were holding toolboxes and lengths of pipe .
`` i 've always thought , '' said the monarchist , pulling out a pipe and beginning to fill it with the ponderous air of one who is going to deliver a lecture , `` that one of the major problems of being a king is the risk of your daughter getting a prick . ''
colon filled his pipe , and struck a match on the stone beside him .
every moment delayed seemed to take her dream farther and farther from her until it was nothing but the pipe dream of a silly girl .
disregarding his own order mason aimed and squeezed the trigger , and grinned at the squeal of pain and fury that emanated from behind the pipe .
a pipe feeding into the unit broke , spilling water across the roof .
the pipe was ruined by the impact .
he gripped the protruding end of the pipe and yanked it free .
alec smiled down at giselle , who wrestled futilely against the handcuffs that secured her to the pipe beneath the hotel room sink .
i think a pipe burst .
`` of course , '' i heard jenn pipe up from the other side .
i went to his side as fast as i could , only bumping into one pipe on the way .
`` hey , pipe down , people are trying to sleep , '' i said , shushing her .
his blonde hair was damp , his long tattooed arms flexing as he twisted a wrench round a pipe .
and then there was a strange putt-putting sound , like water negotiating its way through a partially blocked pipe .
with the pipe thus leaning against the wall , he found himself sliding down the diagonal .
the lanky pilot leaned forward and knocked some ashes from his pipe into the belly of the big iron stove .
`` he 's smokin ' a pipe , '' framm said , grinning .
`` some pipe bust ? ''
his own face looked scalded now , like the face of a second mate marsh had once seen who 'd stood too near to a steam pipe that burst .
it sounded as if his words were rattling around the interior of a metal pipe before they left his mouth .
the voice was beritte 's , but it came as though through a long pipe , distant and blurred .
at the left , a chrome pipe jutted from it , terminating over a drain in the floor .
perhaps three gallons flowed out of the pipe before the pump shut itself down with a final click .
i stayed behind a pipe in the laundry room , ignored the pulsating beeps coming over the audio system , and watched a spider construct a web .
perhaps it 's only steam escaping a pipe or the far-off whoosh of one of the trains ... .
we 've covered about three more blocks via an overflow pipe and a section of neglected train track when the screams begin .
homes nods to the pipe , where the mutts are slithering onto the ledge .
hunch against the wall with the others as the explosion rocks the platform and bits of mutt and human flesh shoot out of the pipe and shower us .
i wiped my fingers on my blue jeans convulsively and tried a sip of coke , aspirated down the wrong pipe , choked and coughed .
ironhorse rumbled , bending low to clear the rim of the pipe .
what , you do n't want to wait until you 've lost a pipe organ or something ? ''
with his whiskers , balding head , wirerimmed spectacles , and belching pipe , he looked like someone 's kindly old uncle .
gandalf sat down again and puffed at his pipe , as if lost in thought .
'apples for walking , and a pipe for sitting , ' he said .
frodo and his companions huddled round the fire , wrapped in every garment and blanket they possessed ; but strider was content with a single cloak , and sat a little apart , drawing thoughtfully at his pipe .
he felt that black shapes were advancing to smother him ; but when he sat up he saw nothing but the back of strider sitting hunched up , smoking his pipe , and watching .
for myself i should like a pipe to smoke in comfort , and warmer feet .
is there no pipe in all your plunder ? '
here 's one : my old wooden pipe .
gimli re-filled his pipe .
then he realized , first that the pipe might be in his pack but he had no leaf , and next that he was hundreds of miles from bag end .
'then i would like supper first , and after that a pipe . '
and get my pipe out of my pack , if it is n't broken . '
he runs toward the pikens with the pipe over his head .
the glowing red pipe sails over my head like a javelin , impaling a piken in the stomach .
he slides to a stop and stabs the ground with his pipe .
i 'm clinging too tightly to the pipe to catch it and the weapon goes plummeting into the darkness below .
nine snarls , extending his pipe staff .
i turn the pipe over in my hands .
and there , jutting up within the tower 's twisted , bare foundation , is a jagged , broken pipe .
simon had been brought straight from the chapel to the ladies ' washroom and chained to a pipe .
if you swing you might get your hand and foot on the pipe , or the key might come out .
move both hands on to the new hold , swing gently , get his left hand around the pipe , and he could drag himself across the gap .
and thus mr proust decided to hazard his dollar in the shop next door , on an ounce of jolly sailor pipe tobacco , some mints and a copy of what novelty ? .
an igor was working over an intense , blue-white flame , carefully bending a piece of glass pipe .
his contact sat in the doorway of a closed shop , pufng quietly on a pipe .
jastes sat across from him , pufng contentedly on his pipe .
he 'd gone back to his normal nervous self , his pipe sitting unnoticed in its holder on the table .
`` he kept the city from falling apart , '' slowswift said , puffing on his pipe .
`` you just pointed out that the world seems very close to disaster , '' the old man said , pointing at her with his pipe .
slowswift puffed on his pipe .
`` you reacted a little too strongly to that one , '' slowswift said , taking a puff on his pipe .
the faint smell of his uncle 's pipe smoke still lingered , and the decor was marked by a fondness for deep dark woods and heavy stone sculpture .
one of them was holding a large pipe , about five feet long , balanced on his shoulder at one end and on a tripod at the other .
imagine looking through a long metal pipe . ''
when everyone had finished off with a drink from the well and an apple or so , the dwarf produced a pipe about the size of his own arm , filled it , lit it , blew a great cloud of fragrant smoke , and said , `` now . ''
he knocked out and refilled his pipe .
and , of course , no washing up - only lying back and watching the smoke from trumpkin 's pipe and stretching one 's tired legs and chatting .
modo relit his pipe .
that man who said he had a pipe that played music only rats could hear ? ''
the pipe turned down toward the understreets-and an assuredly fatal drop .
in one hand he waved a corncob pipe the size of a toilet bowl .
artaxerxes himself , dressed in what looked like plum-coloured velvet , and green silk trousers ; and he still had a large pipe in his mouth , only it was blowing beautiful rainbow-coloured bubbles instead of tobacco-smoke ; but he had no hat .
there was a pipe in the next box .
`` we 'll only need green garbage bags , a few pipe cleaners , some empty cans , and a few polystyrene foam balls , '' she had said .
stick that in your pipe and smoke it , deedee .
lord akeldama reached for the gold pipe art piece from the mantel .
she heard a dull thud as lord akeldama collapsed to the floor , his golden pipe weapon rolled away , unused .
he bit down on his pipe and rubbed his hands together enthusiastically .
asked the shadowed man , pulling out his pipe and a small velvet tobacco pouch .
he took the pipe out of his mouth and pointed the long ivory stem at alexia for emphasis .
he grinned , waving his pipe about haphazardly .
only , rather than a bottle or lamp , they prefer someplace wet - say , like , a sink pipe .
wind must have kept the exhaust pipe clear , but now it 's shifted .
and what fine , male energy ( mark felt sick of women at the moment ) revealed itself in the very gestures with which feverstone settled himself at the wheel and clasped his pipe firmly between his teeth !
he was smoking a pipe , the blue smoke rising and seeming to hang suspended around his seamed and good-humored face on the breathless pre-storm air .
i ... well i just never ... '' he shook his head , took his pipe out of his mouth , and looked at them with naked wonder .
`` ayuh , thought that 'd please ya , '' john said , drawing the flame of the rapidly blackening match down into the bowl of his pipe .
`` stephen king 's not the water , susannah-he 's only the pipe the water runs through . ''
blowing therein and playing with his long fingers he made deep melodies of a magic greater than any other among musicians hath ever compassed on harp or lute , on lyre or pipe , or instruments of the bow .
moments after brewing the deadly drink , before the servant knocked , flagg poured it down the drain in the center of his floor and stood listening to it hiss and bubble away into the pipe .
as he drew his favorite pipe from the rack beside him , anders peyna saw that his hands were trembling .
it was a sewer outflow pipe .
then he was clinging to the mossy lip of the pipe .
dennis had known that the ice would begin to grow danger-ously rotten as he got closer to the outflow pipe .
she carried straight into the pipe and then turned around to see if naomi and ben would follow her .
he drew back a few paces and jumped so strongly that he almost took off the top of his head on the upper curve of the pipe .
by some curious chance one morning long ago in the quiet of the world , when there was less noise and more green , and the hobbits were still numerous and prosperous , and bilbo baggins was standing at his door after breakfast smoking an enormous long wooden pipe that reached nearly down to his woolly toes ( neatly brushed ) - gandalf came by .
if you have a pipe about you , sit down and have a fill of mine !
he had brought a lot of pocket-handkerchiefs , and bilbo 's pipe and tobacco .
at last gandalf pushed away his plate and jug - he had eaten two whole loaves ( with masses of butter and honey and clotted cream ) and drunk at least a quart of mead and he took out his pipe .
on the far side of the square was a long watering trough , made of iron-wood from the look ( what some called `` seequoiah '' out here ) , apparently fed in happier times from a rusty steel pipe which now jutted waterless above the trough 's south end .
it must have been done by corporal nobbs , because he was the only person who would add a pipe and draw in some flowers and clouds .
vimes sighed and replaced the pipe .
a hollow sound came through the door ; the sound of some animal slobbering hungrily from deep inside a concrete pipe .
jake tried to dodge a jutting pipe and did n't quite succeed .
`` i need my pipe , '' the woman murmured , rubbing her temples .
celaena eased farther up the pipe , her toes sticking to the metal .
she wished for her pipe , but hours remained of this court session , and it would n't be proper to leave until georgina departed .
baba yellowlegs sat on the top stair , smoking a long bone pipe whose bowl was shaped like a screaming mouth .
yellowlegs snuffed out her bone pipe .
six bells rang on deck , and faintly he heard the pipe shrilling away , the scrape and clatter of the hands going to their breakfast on the berth deck below , and the smell of strong tea came drifting over from the galley .
but now he smokes a pipe and wears those horrible sweaters and he collects bananas and makes models of human organs out of matchsticks because he thinks hobbies make you more human !
when vimes had gone , mustrum ridcully sat back , lit his pipe and , as an afterthought , used the last of the match to light the candle lantern on the potting table .
mr waynesbury puffed his pipe .
did they think i was nothing but a pipe to be played on as their moment 's fancy chose ?
a peculiar sound began : down upon the sand , one of the larrakia men was sitting with some sort of an instrument , an enormously long pipe it seemed , which produced a deep , low , droning noise that resounded ceaselessly ; he somehow did not pause even for breath .
`` i could n't shoot him with this scatter pipe with the two of you standing there , '' morgan complained as i approached .
twenty-five dollars to do what you could n't stop her doing now with a length of lead pipe .
'would you please puff on your pipe and hand it to me , sir ? '
she took her longest broom and banged on a pipe .
'i told you that i had this length of lead pipe , ' said trev , banging it gently against the bus 's door .
'in your case i think i 'll go for the lead pipe , although please do n't try anything 'cos it 's a devil 's own job to get the bloodstains off the seats .
'do i get the kiss , the money and the lead pipe ?
'two kisses , a whole three dollars and no lead pipe , ' said juliet .
'i do n't give a stuff if she kisses him or hits him on the head with the lead pipe , so long as they drop us off first , ' said an old man towards the back of the bus .
my old mum would be more likely to hit me with a lead pipe than you .
the passengers of the bus were quite unnoticed until the lead pipe arrived , followed very shortly by glenda .
'sorry about all that silly business with the lead pipe , ' she said .
it now contained a little note instead , saying , 'dear archchancellor , in accordance with your ratification of mister nutt 's instructions that the faculty are not to be allowed food or the implements of smoking this evening , i 've taken the liberty of clearing away your cigarettes and pipe tobacco .
there also appears to be a bit of a hiatus around united 's goal as some of charlie barton 's team mates help him find his pipe and also , it transpires [ the editor of the times liked the word transpire ] , the other half of the pork pie it transpired he had been eating at the time the goal was scored .
his pipe hit the porch 's floorboards , clicking softly , tossing burned tabac out in a spray across the steps .
renald tucked a pinch of tabac into his pipe as thulin pulled the wagon up beside renald 's yard .
renald scrambled up , leaving his pipe on the chair and following thulin down into the yard and to the wagon .
ituralde took a long , contemplative puff on his pipe .
`` the seanchan ... ... '' rodel held up a finger , situating his pipe before continuing .
`` pure poetry , mat , '' talmanes said , tamping the tabac down into his pipe .
`` do n't look so glum , mat , '' talmanes said , puffing on his gold-rimmed pipe .
`` mat , '' talmanes said , pointing at him with the pipe again .
`` several , '' the short man replied , riding with pipe smoke curling behind him .
`` i was n't talking about the men , mat , '' talmanes said , bending to tap out his pipe against his stirrup , dottle falling to flutter back onto the stony roadway beside his horse .
the pleasure tam took in his pipe .
two dead men on the ground , surrounded by ranks and ranks of trollocs , a pipe with smoke curling from it .
thom set his mug of ale on the floor between his feet and got out his pipe .
thom puffed on his pipe , raising an absent hand to his breast pocket , where he kept the letter .
he glanced at his pipe and cursed , then scooted his chair a few inches from mat .
perrin puffed on his own pipe .
talmanes climbed off his chair , squatting down beside the game board and scratching his head , smoke idly curling from the end of his pipe .
he never took the best pipe into battle .
talmanes asked softly around his pipe .
ituralde puffed on his pipe as he rode his horse along the ridge that edged the valley to the north .
mat ignored the looks of those nearby as he tipped his chair back onto two legs , set his heels on the table and packed his pipe .
`` do not let my expression dampen your good humor '' , talmanes said , tucking his pipe away .
he puffed on his pipe , knuckling his mustache .
he drew on his pipe , and knew that he did so to keep himself from trembling .
that 's an overused term it is , thom thought , puffing on his pipe .
he sighed , fishing in his pocket , where he found a pipe .
he inspected it for a moment in the darkness , then thought of the pipe being lit .
it would not be difficult to create explosive devices , such as pipe bombs , with what he had there , if the heavy storage containers under the table contained , as i suspected , explosive compounds .
running down the center was a steel pipe with rusting joints .
14 they followed the pipe toward a place where a rotten gate barred the road .
at the bottom of the hill , the pipe rose out of the ground and , supported on a series of rusty steel cradles , ran about seventy yards toward the abandoned building before stopping with the ragged suddenness of a battlefield amputation .
the tracks split off from the end of the pipe in two arcs .
the wind made a lonely soughing sound as it combed through the firs on either side of the pipe .
each , that was , save for the pipe which ran directly down in back of the throne 's center .
did a pipe burst ?
in fact , i 'm thinking right now that one , if not both of us , needs to put down the crack pipe and start this night over . ''
really , kyros , put down the crack pipe ... or go write children 's fantasy novels . ''
a nice story to hear , but a total pipe dream .
she did n't comment as she stuck her head into the opening to look at the pipe she 'd been eyeing on their schematics .
he tore out of the pipe and hesitated as he saw the remnants of bubba 's suv .
she saw simon , running toward her , a length of what looked like steel pipe in his hand ; behind him , jace was getting to his knees .
across from him , her hands bound together and chained to a large steam pipe , was maia .
her cheek was printed with white dents where it had lain against the bumpy pipe .
the room was empty except for a metal pipe that ran along one wall , and what looked like a heap of sacking in the corner .
he regarded clary with mild interest , puffing gently on a fantastically large pipe as he did so .
has whatever 's in that pipe melted your brain ?
red sparks flew from the exhaust pipe .
she raised her hands ; the chains binding her wrists to the pipe rattled .
the pipe was still there , a length of chain lying beside it , the dust on the floor only very slightly disturbed .
she was as beautiful as alec remembered , though she had not been at her best the last time he had seen her , filthy and chained to a pipe in a building under construction .
`` another time , please , '' he said , puffing on his pipe , now lit .
those spells are tricky buggers to figure out , '' leo muttered around the pipe in his mouth .
i grasped the jagged end of the steel pipe with shaking hands , took a deep breath-one ... two-and jerked it forward .
`` who- '' i began , then gasped as someone ripped the pipe out of my body and tossed it clattering onto the stones beside me .
he took his time unraveling the small burgundy packet of tobacco and tapping the corner of it on the edge of his pipe , filling its bowl .
he took another puff on his pipe before he continued .
another puff of his pipe , this one long .
leo tapped his finished pipe into an ashtray .
down below a man played the pipe and another man sang .
over tristan 's shoulder , i watched the groom lower the brass pipe and insert the end of it into his backside .
she sat sewing in front of a massive kitchen range and was , to tessa 's intense mystification , also smoking an enormous pipe .
`` pipe down in there , '' said the jailer .
he lit his pipe , stared at the blank paper on his desk , and tried desperately to draft a letter to gloria .
he filled his pipe with tobacco.. well , they called it tobacco , it was n't what he thought of as tobacco , it was n't the tobacco you used to get .. and wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the gents was .
he shivered , and cupped his hands to light his pipe .
mr. young carefully replaced the packet and looked reflectively at his pipe .
he stopped reaching for his pipe .
the kind of man , in fact , who gives the impression of smoking a pipe even when he 's not .
mr. young puffed on his pipe .
a cracked and leaking water pipe nearby had , with the aid of some rainwater , transformed it into a breeding ground for a number of little frogs who plopped about cheerfully , rejoicing in their freedom from any non-airborne natural predators .
in addition to the captain and meggot there were five other members of the crew , a disparate bunch who seemed content to let captain alberic do all the talking , which he did , with his ale-pot in one hand , and the other hand alternately concerned with holding his stubby pipe and conveying food into his mouth .
kneeling on the deck , she started to use the oar as a push pole , levering it against the underwater pipe on the port side to propel the boat back-shove , coast a couple of yards , shove , coast-toward the opening through which she must have drifted .
`` de nada , werewolf , '' regin said , scanning the area for a sword , a freaking pipe , anything .
as a man with a pipe in his mouth , he had been placid , good-natured , and , as far as those beneath him were concerned , the salt of the earth .
`` he should n't have beaten me for his wife chipping his pipe , '' newt said .
`` it was the hair , i think , '' i said , bringing the paper to my nose and breathing deeply the faded scent of pipe smoke .
with a yell that echoed as loud as the bike , he threw the pipe at the bike .
hitting him was n't boyd 's intention , and grace 's brow pinched in fear when a visible line of blue energy arched from boyd to the pipe , stretching between them as a bridge of power .
she panted as she grabbed the cold iron pipe banister and started up .
`` mistake , '' the guy with the pipe said , smiling stupidly , and his buddies laughed .
the stairway was painted cement block , and the round pipe railings on either side were cold as i followed ivy belowground , the air becoming chill and stale as we descended .
thick walls of old fieldstone held up the ceiling , supplemented by modern pipe supports .
`` low pipe , '' winona warned , not even breathing hard , and i ducked , almost hitting it .
`` up until i tried to take his head off with a pipe , he did n't seem to be a bad egg - for a hypocritical , bigoted card-carrying hapa member with a squirrel rifle under his bed .
a shiver went through me as i hung my feet over the edge of the hole and stretched until my toes brushed the curve of the pipe .
`` making me crawl through a pipe .
`` you know better than that , '' i said , patting the gun at my side , reminding him that i could force a steel pipe down his throat if i wanted .
his c**k was a steel pipe between her legs , and the thought of taking him inside her made her instantly wet .
`` uh , do you want to pipe down before i rip out your tongue and slap you with it ?
aden was only surprised his other `` guest '' -as he sometimes thought of the souls trapped inside him-did n't pipe up , as well .
he was hard as a steel pipe , her female scent in his nose .
his c**k remained hard as a lead pipe .
why defeat did n't pipe in with a `` win , '' strider did n't know .
it was exquisite , better than exquisite , and he was suddenly as hard as a steel pipe .
( sadly , my teddy bear of a dad is the only one who would pipe up with an affirmative she 's brilliant ! )
but i refused to allow my imagination to gain a foothold , because i knew the only thing it had to offer were images of justin screaming as his throat was slit or he was beaten with a lead pipe .
i hate to break it to brielle , but it takes more than some pipe dream to fill a bank account .
`` it 's a pipe dream . ''
the two of them pipe up at the same time .
i 'm pretty sure that pipe dream , much like my mother 's marriage , is over for good .
`` natural gas , something to do with a pipe that was left on . ''
he smelled like pipe smoke and leather , and i halfway wished i 'd waited to say all this until after i 'd gotten to really kiss him at least once .
nicolette , who was vaulting directly toward me , absolute hate in her eyes , knuckles burning white as she gripped a length of metal pipe .
i held the pipe but nicolette was surprisingly strong .
wallop me with a metal pipe , sure .
he blinked through the blood running into his eyes , his heart freezing as he watched simone swinging a lead pipe with frenzied strength .
trailing behind , simone still clenched her thick pipe , silently praying , and at the same time keeping careful watch for any hidden ruffians .
almost as good as- '' `` say the name buffy and i 'll stake you , '' she warned , raising the pipe in a threatening motion .
`` i used a drainage pipe to escape the warehouse , but viper is still stuck in there . ''
reluctantly she plucked the pipe from the ground as she straightened and continued her path to the door .
with a shake of her head darcy forced away the absurd thoughts and , still clutching the pipe , headed for the door .
but , to my relief , instead of flinging myself to the ground , i lowered myself until my feet hit a metal pipe sticking out of the brick wall .
just as i was bracing myself , my arms hit something and the next thing i knew , i was hanging from another metal pipe .
i jumped from ledge to ledge until i 'd reached the very corner of the building where a thick drainage pipe was fixed .
`` well , i wanted to be taller , too- '' the tea i had been sipping suddenly went down the wrong pipe .
after throwing her around a bit , he had proceeded to beat her into a bloody mess with a pipe wrench , cracking her head open , and leaving her for dead .
the forty-caliber handgun in jim 's right palm weighed thirty-two ounces , with ten bullets in the mag and one in the pipe .
in a show of rebellion , devina kept her peepers open for the sole reason that she was tired of being bossed around by that pipe cleaner-like chick .
the hot fumes from the exhaust pipe met the cold air and instantly turned into a white cloud .
a pipe buckled in the corridor ahead , and steam began pouring into the space .
an old iron stove sat in the middle of the floor , with a pipe that extended through the roof .
gavin shone his light on a glistening stone formation against one wall shaped like a melting pipe organ .
they moved through a room filled with musical instruments , including drums the size of hot tubs and a gleaming pipe organ that took up most of one wall .
`` lay back , limp and loose , and keep the pipe in your hand .
2 building the walls the supply closet was dark and jumbled with gears , wires , scrap metal , and lengths of pipe .
for long turns in the bug prison , he 'd reflected on how he 'd make her pay , should he ever catch up with her , but since ending up in perdition , he 'd decided not to waste turns chasing a pipe dream .
i did n't want him to pipe up and say the wrong thing at my trial and risk the protectorate taking him away from me .
she carried a long length of metal pipe , perfect for dealing with any unwanted visitors who might darken the doorstep this late at night .
bria did n't have a weapon ; she picked a long piece of pipe up out of the junk in the train yard and held it down by her side .
three copper stills had been set up in the middle of the area , with different lengths of pipe squatting in front of them , as though they were in the process of being hooked together .
choking the shower pipe would not bring the hot water back , as satisfying as it might feel , so i turned the shower off and toweled dry .
`` sucker wrecked my windshield with that first swing of the pipe , though .
his spinning movement ensured that the pipe missed his skull but he took the blow in his ribs .
he staggered to his feet as the pipe clanged on the pavement and he stepped quickly back out of harry 's range .
harry yelled as his fingers went into a spasm , and the pipe clattered on the pavement .
`` he got me in the ribs with a length of pipe . ''
they 're bought by addicts who drop cheap narcotics into the bulb and smoke the tube like a pipe . ''
he raised the meth pipe .
he hoisted a pipe wrench in greeting .
troy grabbed a loose pipe that had rolled to our feet and brandished it .
troy ran by me , leaped onto the hood , and swung his pipe at the windshield , putting the weight of his whole body into it .
spencer just shrugged , sinking deeper into his chair and concentrating on his drink and his pipe .
or maybe not just drank-that pipe of yours smells a little funny .
spencer scratched his nose and made a production out of lighting his fragrant pipe .
you 'd have to be one strong mother to do it , but a rock , a hammer , a stout piece of pipe , and then he was screwed .
`` the only way in is through this pipe .
`` all right , rabbit , you 're going to shimmy through the pipe .
this section of tunnel was enclosed , like a large concrete pipe .
lavinia took a deep breath and motioned for the servant to hand her the pipe connected to an unseen hookah at her feet .
the voice sounded very far away and echo-y , like someone called through a metal pipe .
`` wrong pipe , '' i gasped .
she glanced at the pipe , snagged a small leather book chained to her belt , tore a piece of thin paper , and looked at kaldar .
a bright beam of pale green light stabbed the pipe , highlighting dirty smudges , specks of dirt , and , on the bulb , one large , beautiful fingerprint .
they found a fingerprint on the pipe , and it belonged to someone named alex callahan , who was checked into a `` rehab '' in the broken 's california .
`` do you still know how to make pipe bombs , like you did when you were in that gang ? ''
atsany pulled out a pipe and said something with a solemn expression .
atsany blinked and poked the shepherd 's boot with his pipe .
atsany took the pipe out of his mouth and said something .
the small man patted my leg with his pipe , winked , and pointed to the side .
kate got a pipe out of a box and began smoking it .
i pulled a black box out of my backpack , took a black cloth out of it , and unfolded the cloth to extract an old pipe .
i struck a match , puffed to get the pipe going , and got a mouthful of smoke for my trouble .
i finished the circle , put the pipe away , and sat back on the log .
all the chants over the sticks and the pipe had been said already .
at first i dismissed it as a pipe dream .
he 's broken the main pipe and is emptying the guild 's water tower into the lobby .
the behind-the-scenes work of a teaching assistant sounded like a lot of reading , lesson plans , and pipe smoking with professor mcmillan .
`` this pipe contains the world , '' he said .
his father pointed to a hole in the side of the pipe .
finch turned the pipe around .
finch took his eye away from the pipe to look at his dad .
it 's the pipe he 's thinking about as he enters the spit with wyte .
remembered again the pipe his father had shown him .
once , duncan , his usual mad , exploring , bdd self , had managed to get stuck in a sewer pipe under our block and we had had to pull him out after a frantic half hour searching for the source of his pathetic , echoing voice .
one time , i even imagined i saw l. gaudy watching his underlings from the shadow of an awning , smoking a pipe , nodding wisely .
`` you told me he was laying pipe , lucinda ! ''
it would be easier to cope with a firework being inserted in its exhaust pipe than the pig 's .
getting my pipe case out of the back seat , i headed into the music store .
i knelt and pretended to twiddle with my pipe reed , turning my back to my audience .
i wondered if bill the pipe instructor was still there or if he disappeared when i was n't around to see him , like nuala .
`` i have a gig this evening with the pipe band .
i stopped at the first decent-looking ride i came to-a late-model dodge charger-grabbed a metal pipe that was sticking up out of a nearby trash can , and used it to shatter the driver's-side window .
from what i could gather , before the beasties were shot up this pipe , they must have lost whatever was in their bowels .
the scent of her grandfather 's pipe tobacco lingered in the air .
i was drawn to a pile created by the chance arrangement of a large pipe and some drywall .
barn doors swung open , and our slow moving love seat was tugged into a dark tunnel filled with hazy smoke , ultraviolet lights , tolling bells , and hokey pipe organ music .
`` that we were , `` his father , michael , nodded sagely over his briar pipe .
let claude put that in his pipe and smoke it !
sure , lucivar had shown her a `` shield with access , '' but it worked a lot better for someone who peed out of a pipe .
`` dhemlan music stores do n't have scelt folk music or pandar pipe music or ... '' `` enough , mephis . ''
the water slipping down her throat went down the wrong pipe .
the pipe was made of metal and the top was round , so i hit it on my knees and then rolled halfway off .
it had fallen between my pipe and another , and i had to dig my fingers between them to find it .
i jumped from one pipe to another , barely avoiding the hands of a minion who reached for me .
`` pipe down , or i 'll challenge you again , and we both know how that will work out . ''
ethan dug through debris , pulled out what looked like a pipe , and smashed through the glass to allow us egress .
`` that 's like an almost everyday occurrence , pipe .
she did like pipe tobacco , though , which was one reason the cherry aroma bugged the shit out of her .
her grandfather used to smoke a pipe that smelled similar , only this scent was sweeter and even kind of gave her a buzz .
`` does someone here smoke a pipe ? ''
curses rent the air , issued from one warrior to the next , passed around like a peace pipe .
and donatelli could put that in his f**king pipe and smoke it .
rage lit through him , clashing with the craving for his drink and pipe , and sent heat rushing into his face .
while it stirred and mixed and mesmerized , he struck a match and lit his pipe .
i lit his pipe for him and figured i 'd have a good two hours before he so much as stirred . ''
- bottle of absinthe and opium pipe ( to be disposed of properly ) .
'would water running through a pipe make that sort of noise ? '
`` me own playin ' of lute or pipe be good enough fer taverns an ' the like , but i be no virtuoso like these two . ''
kane could smell the pipe tobacco , whitney 's special blend .
the pipe curved back and she had to reach deep to pull her field kit out .
she could hear a soft hiss as the gas entered through a pipe in the wall .
`` pipe down over there , '' jack said .
he sat on the houseboat and listened to the music of the bayou , smoked his pipe , and played boure with his friends while telling old stories .
burrell nearly dropped his pipe in his agitation .
the last she saw of him , he was happily puffing away on his pipe .
he 's the only man i ever smoked a pipe with . ''
`` i tell him smoking is bad for him , but i do inhale a lot when i 'm around his pipe . ''
he 'd have his life his houseboat and he 'd be sitting on the river smoking his pipe and laughing with his friends .
`` the news came down the pipe that the carpathians had pulled some trick and tried to off the council .
my throat burned from water running down the wrong pipe .
the man bent , reached into a black bag at his feet , and pulled out a glass pipe .
his gaze locked helplessly on the pipe .
he needed that pipe .
he 'd never been the shy type and maya sure as- `` you broke the pipe , you idiot ! ''
i miss the spicy smell of his pipe as he rocked on the back porch of the house he 'd built when i was a little girl .
`` i ca n't remember asking you anything so pipe down .
every duct , pipe , and wire connection was directly accessible and therefore visible , such that each of destiny 's four walls looked like the back of a panel-size motherboard .
a guttural noise , as from a clogged pipe .
first thing he noticed was a rivulet of water running along the gangway between the two row houses , a clear , slow trickle , as from a broken pipe .
the tunnel hooked right , where a wide pipe ran out of the stone and down the length of the narrowing hole .
`` they say that a water pipe that burst several years ago washed out the earth beneath the street and that it finally collapsed as a result . ''
he put the pipe back into his mouth and chuckled lightly .
dishes rattled and his pipe went skittering across the floor .
the pipe went back into his mouth , and complete silence settled on the room .
hamish left them , his place taken by a smallish elderly bear who danced clumsily to pipe and drum while the wedding guests ate trout cooked in a crust of crushed almonds .
`` some dance , some sing , one plays the pipe and one the drums .
as she 'd told me , a small pipe was attached to the vent 's side , opening just behind the panel 's grates to feed its fumes into our room when the lights went out .
i crammed the sock into the pipe as best i could , hoping it was enough to keep the worst of the gas out .
not only was it speaking in an almost-human voice-and a refined british one at that-but it held in its jowly mouth a pipe and on its face wore a pair of round , green-tinted glasses .
`` you 'll head north , '' addison said , jabbing his pipe in the direction of a road , just visible , tracing through the trees below like a faint , pencil-drawn line .
emma obliged him , touching a lit finger to the bowl of his pipe .
`` a big hawk who smoked a pipe , '' he said .
it looked like sherlock holmes 's pipe , curved and drooping from her lips .
at age seven i 'd taken this statement literally , but the headmistress in the picture was smoking a pipe , and her name was peregrine , a kind of hawk .
she patted my arm condescendingly and reached for a length of plastic tubing that hung nearby ; it was connected to a pipe that ran up the ladder to the surface .
he even kept a hookah-burda just to light his pipe .
`` talon , run for the pipe .
a drainage pipe runs along the side , shakily bolted to the wall .
the gutter pipe pops off the building , throwing me off balance , but i fling myself off it and grab the edge of a nearby windowsill .
the air smells like pipe smoke and fried meat and gas lamps .
it drew him ; brianna turned and smiled at him , and without consciousness of having moved , he found himself near enough to see the faint freckles high on her cheekbones , and smell the whiff of pipe tobacco that lingered in her hair from her expeditions to the shops .
he shoved the rough plug back into the pipe , and bent to pull the big tub across the stone floor .
mother hildegarde paused in her progress , spotting an orderly leaning idly against the church wall , smoking a pipe .
he sucked deeply on his pipe , with a low , slurping noise , held his breath for a long count and then let it out reluctantly .
he rose , swaying unsteadily , and thumped the coals from his pipe carelessly out onto the sideboard .
instead , he 'd found captain richardson , pipe in hand , meditatively watching the culpers ' rooster tread a hen .
rachel attempted a smile now and then , but her eyes kept passing uneasily around their surroundings , returning again and again to their hostess , who sat in the corner , her own eyes hooded , brooding over a fuming clay pipe that hung from a slack lower lip .
murray and fraser were leaning on the fence now , sharing the pipe and chatting casually in gaelic .
mr. maclaren gave him a brooding sort of look , quite at odds with his earlier geniality , and set the pipe on his knee .
he said to one of the loungers , and the man pointed with the stem of his pipe toward a small office , a sort of shed attached to the far wall of the warehouse .
he yanked the rope down from the ceiling pipe and thudded clumsily to the ground , feeling the impact of the short jump all the way to his teeth .
i loved my father 's briefcase , with its dark velvet interior and recessed compartments , and places for his pipe , his eyeglasses , and his papers .
and even in deep winter he 'd crack open a window and sit there with his pants around his ankles , puffing on his pipe , so over time the wallpaper went yellow with it .
the smell of his pipe was so strong , i could nearly taste it .
apart from a clipped beard , his face was brown and lined and topped with brushed-forward thinning white hair , and with one hand on the bowl of a long-stemmed pipe , he peered through round spectacles at correspondence he held in his other hand .
hidden in the undergrowth my fingers fitted the next dart and i raised the pipe to my lips .
kidd took a pipe from his pocket and smoked a little as we observed the comings and goings below us .
it was a mohawk woman-a beautiful mohawk woman , who , despite the fact that she was chained in place wore a proud , defiant expression and sat straight , in marked contrast to the redcoat who sat beside her driving , whose shoulders were hunched and who had a long-stemmed pipe in his mouth .
`` we bring the peace pipe , '' the younger chief said in perfect french , `` to celebrate our alliance . ''
the coffin sits on four short rounded legs , and from the very middle of the bottom of it , a small pipe goes straight down into the floor .
boy pup and bridges falling and leaky pipe and brother in suffering and hildy , my hildy .
kiowa pointed to a voyageur smoking a thin clay pipe .
`` okay , i 'd say that 's a pipe .
on a downstream run , a pipe might represent ten miles ; on flat water , five ; but on the tough pull up the missouri , they felt lucky to make two .
la vierge looked up from his pipe .
j.lo stacked sections of white pvc pipe up an old refrigerator door , and we rolled the chief in .
a huge concrete water pipe that bottomed out about thirty feet below .
there was a poster in chinese on the side of the pipe next to a signed picture of betty grable , and a kind of embarrassing pinup painting of a girl getting her skirt lifted up by a pelican .
the pipe brightened , and i looked up at wire mesh stretched over a hatch above me .
she pulled out pouches of tobacco when she spotted the pipe in his glass ashtray , but he waved them away .
tom was rummaging through some of zack 's old things in the barn and found an old corncob pipe .
susan repeated her story while the old salt listened avidly , sucking on his pipe .
remember , you put in the oversized pipe to feed electrical wires over there when you wanted to light up the old barn .
robert noticed that phillip was smoking a long , clay pipe along with several of the other men , edward sparshott among them .
a pipe was fitted along the walls running to several showerheads , mounted high on the front wall .
under plummer 's direction , she fetched a bowl of warm water and a pillow from her bed while plummer went outside to have a few pulls on his pipe no doubt to steady his own nerves , amy thought .
the parliamentarian stared at ernest as he puffed away on his pipe .
lord hutchinson cleared his throat and gave a nod before taking another long puff from his pipe .
and mr. nicholas beaumont can just put that thought in his pipe and smoke it .
on her excursions to london from windsor , she had seen the pathetic sight of these very servicemen he spoke of , begging or playing the fiddle or sailors pipe for the few pennies given to them by a largely unfeeling public .
erik sat down at the bench of his pipe organ , rubbing his hands together to warm them against the cold , damp air of the cave , and wondered what he should play .
bolted to the center of the far cavern wall stood the magnificent pipe organ .
the chief merchant of the voyage was standing by the quarter gallery railing , drawing on a long clay pipe as he urinated into the swells .
symmes paused to draw on his pipe for a moment , his hand still shaking , and then he plunged ahead .
a hookah water pipe appeared and was placed beside hawksworth .
elkington tapped out his pipe on the railing .
mewes took a nervous puff from the long stem of his white clay pipe .
mewes shoved the pipe into his pocket .
he suddenly remembered he had left his pipe in the leather knapsack , down below .
the knapsack was at the side wall , near the door , and as he bent over to begin searching for the clay stem of his pipe he caught the movement of a shadow along the stone lintel .
yesugei , yesugei , she whispered fiercely , up into her ring of free air or through the chimney pipe .
there had been no rain for several weeks and something had caused a flame ; perhaps an empty bottle flung away by a late night reveller , which had concentrated the sunlight until the dry vegetation caught light , or some careless ass had chucked the contents of his clay pipe into the undergrowth .
soon as the worst was over the pipe was back between his teeth and rumbling away in its bowl as he inhaled again .
there was no sign of gwyn or huw but when she looked further up the valley she could just make out the shepherds hut with a blue curl of smoke rising from its chimney pipe .
huw stood and leant out of the opposite window to smoke his pipe .
huw whispered in welsh to gwyn who nodded at amy , then went to get his pipe .
would you please get me an ounce of tobacco for my pipe ?
the boy sat down and watched joseph light his pipe .
like a long pipe through which the water will flow .
one of them got dressed in a funny suit , and put on this big helmet , made of brass george says , and it had a little round window at the front and there was a long pipe coming from the back that went into a box thing on wheels .
she recognised it at once as gwyns working jacket and when she felt in the pocket there indeed was a pipe stuffed with tobacco and a box of safety matches .
the man was smoking a long grey pipe and studying him .
your father ... . your father ... you must help ... you must ... as i left the room the old man was sitting in the darkness of the back area smoking a pipe .
water was flowing from a pipe that protruded from the ruin , and women were collecting it patiently in pails , whilst black skinned kids , with white teeth and pink palms , stared and pointed at the scene of destruction and at the line of cars and trucks moving slowly past them .
carefully filling his pipe , he turned to douglas speaking quietly .
the priest coughed , tapping his pipe out over the hearth .
taking his pipe from his mouth , he snarled showing stubs of brown stained teeth .
the priest sucked on his pipe , 'hmm , devil 's work . '
but then , he 's an old grouch , puffing on that smelly pipe of his , rasping on about demons and jesuits .
the indians led the two of them to their head lodge , and there they smoked the pipe again while louis distributed gifts and marquette translated and proselytized .
but he appreciated most of all the small quantity of tobacco and the old , handmade white-clay pipe with the fractured stem he had found , together with a small box of congreves , in the prison yard one morning .
taking a pipe from his pocket , he filled it from a battered tobacco-pouch and lit it from a candle on the desk , and smoked as he paced impatiently back and forth in front of the scarred desk .
the prisoner worked his way along the row , and when fully half the bed had been weeded , stopped , took out his pipe and tobacco , and filled the bowl .
the property-owners wife appeared near midday with a pannikin of water for him , and he sat in the shade of a tree and drank half the contents , then lit his pipe , and had just settled back to enjoy his smoke before continuing with the garden , when morris came through the gate .
he pulled out his pipe , filled and lit it , and sat there , smoking .
yeahes not afraid of er runnin off and joinin tha natives , like e is me , for fear of gittin ate by them , wallis growled , sitting up and lighting his pipe ; if e ever took mine off , id be outa here like a shot .
but im not goin ridin fences tomorrow without a rifle , the prisoner vowed , tapped out his pipe , and stood , as mary made her way down to the shack with the little cauldron .
when the ships keel broke through the waves , this system gathered foaming ocean currents into the pipe system , and the pressure against the bow forced in water to these long channels and pushed it into a cascading waterfall that toppled from the top deck .
to everyones surprise a silhouette sat in the tall leather chair where every typically took his pipe by the fireplace .
in fiddlers greens your pipe never runs out of tobacco , your whiskey never runs dry , and there is a fiddle always playing a melody to dance too , oh , said aunt nanzy , well im pirate enough to get there , right boss ?
after their hands officially greeted each other in a solemn vow that they were no longer meant to be strangers , she opened up a breast pocket and pulled out a match , striking it quickly the flame incinerated the head of it and she brought it to the pipe , the other end in her mouth .
a high-pitched grunt had me opening my eyes again , just in time to see sylvia raising a piece of ceramic pipe above her head .
sylvia fell back onto her rear , but tate went after her , holding the pipe like a bat .
the pipe tunes and slogans that i quote in various places are taken from adam and learney , the clans , septs and regiments of the scottish highlands .
he handed the pipe to clint and smiled as clint winced after taking a small draw .
silently , his fists balled at his sides , he watched as hawk took another draw on his pipe .
other than an occasional pipe on a quiet night at sea , clint seldom smoked , but he felt it would be impolite to refuse .
by the time the pipe had made the rounds of the men , he reached for it , saw two of it , and tried again to grasp it , but it kept going in and out of focus .
* * * * patrick youve done me a great service , pattie , and ill not forget it , said retired british army general sir james murray , as he took another puff on his long-stemmed pipe .
after he spoke , he took another puff on his long-stemmed pipe .
annabelle was in tears as she rushed about the house frantically , stuffing food and bedding into an emptied pillowcase , along with a small square pipe tobacco tin she brought out from her bedroom .
the citadel was built to repel any invasion , an officer smoking a pipe tells him .
he took up the pipe , inhaling the fragrant aroma , filling his lungs with the rich , resinous smoke .
chapter 30 ~ attack ~ our simple tea done , stefan leans back and lights a pipe , and begins chatting easily with rada .
the dad put his kid on the railing , his legs under the pipe and his bottom on the top .
joe lit both men a pipe and handed one to archie .
he inhaled deeply on the pipe as he assessed joes surprise .
paulson took out his pipe and stuffed it full of tobacco , then passed the tobacco bag and a package of papers to ben .
bauer gave a smile which showed nicotine stained teeth with a pipe hollow .
he spotted what bauer was looking for and leaned forward to pick up a brass pipe lighter and passed it to the large , grateful hand of the old man .
he waved his pipe around before clamping it between his teeth and asking meyer to continue .
the old man took the pipe from his mouth and gave meyer a wide smile and scratched the yellowed whiskers around his mouth .
the distraction of the finding and lighting of the pipe while i moved the questions away from your main theme but included some of your own elements so that you wouldnt notice me make your train jump the tracks .
it sounded like gas or air escaping from a pipe .
he then performed a further search of his desk for some means of lighting his carefully prepared pipe .
deschler shrugged at this comment , but bauer continued between puffs on his pipe and checks that the tobacco was fully alight .
bauer puffed on his pipe and , in a great cloud of tobacco smoke , added , so , since then , herr deschler has been very suspicious of any new assistants we have given him , no matter what their pedigree may be .
one of the guards from the train was watching as we were funnelled like rats along a pipe .
bauer leaned back in his own chair and removed the pipe from his mouth .
bauer puffed on his pipe as meyer and weber helped themselves to cream and sugar and started sipping their coffee .
bauer took a deep puff on his pipe and another sip of his coffee .
staring forlornly into the bowl of his pipe , he said , see !
meyer and weber both rose from their seats and left bauer in his search for a method of lighting his pipe .
i see you are working late tonight , manfred , said bauer , allowing the smoke from his pipe to visibly punctuate his words .
i thought youd be sitting on the porch smoking your pipe by now .
removing his pipe stem from his mouth , papa jabbed it in her direction .
the sweet , spicy scent of pipe tobacco enveloped her .
the man puffed on his pipe and smoke cast a veil over his coarse features .
thevenet chewed on the pipe stem .
ten feet to one side of the cabin was an even darker void , the gaping mouth of their pipe dream mine .
the sleepy and still half-drunk gomez watched all of this with a measure of curiosity until ridge explained that he and the indian were going to return the wagon to the pipe dream mine and then go out prospecting further north on horseback .
there was not much , just a pocket knife , a small locket with the picture of a young woman in it , a battered pipe , a cloth bag full of tobacco , and a worn deck of cards .
the wound was an ugly , blue-black hole , thumb-sized where it went in at the base of his ribs , and about the size of a pipe bowl where it came out the back .
maybe , but the heat might ignite the fuel in the pipe and explode .
today we tell the story of our dishonor , and then the two tribes will smoke the pipe of peace the calumet .
once the pipe was lit , the young man left the circle .
finished , he walked to jolliet and handed him the pipe with both hands .
he handed the pipe to another elder and returned to his seat .
when the last man in the circle had smoked , the young man came back out and took the pipe .
then he lit a match at the end of his pipe and took a few puffs on it .
nonsense young man , he smiled puffing another smoke plume from that pipe .
after ten minutes he clicked the radio off and reached into his pocket to fish out his pipe , but then jammed it back in .
next morning while macallister was smoking his pipe , the older man looked at jordan and said , i leave you alone with her for three days and you didnt do a darn thing , did you ?
macallister was most pleased about two bottles of scotch , some gin , tins of pipe tobacco , and amounts of cigarette tobacco to trade .
he was given a dream pipe charged with a pinch of opium .
he led jordan to the den , paid for a pipe for him , and settled him on the mattress .
looking embarrassed , grampa graham started fiddling with his pipe .
the captain took a moment to take a drag of his pipe , all the while his eyes swept john from head to toe as if he did n't know what to make of the child , tobacco smoke drifted lazily out of one nostril .
by the way , fourteen days is a pipe dream .
he lit the pipe and took a couple of long puffs on it .
natchitos could see that he was no stranger to sharing a pipe in the company of friends .
natchitos passed him the pipe as if he had not heard anything st. denis had said .
he took the pipe from st. denis and took a few last puffs from it .
behind him a single lamp burned in a front window of the house , casting just enough light onto the porch to highlight the delicate swirls of smoke that rose from his pipe .
noticing the animal 's reaction , jason took the pipe from his mouth and peered into the night .
he had been holding a calumet a peace pipe in front of him .
he held the pipe up , turned so all could see it , and then crossed the rest of the way to jolliet .
jolliet took the pipe , held it aloft , and began speaking again .
he raised the pipe , as if holding it out to all , smoked , and then passed it to the man on his left .
but while the pipe passes , assistants will pass out a piece of paper to each of you .
by now the pipe had made it all around the room , and most people had written their responses to the questions .
four of the eight smoked ; one a pipe , two cigarettes from england , and one a cigarette made from cubeb , a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout india .
tommy filled his favorite pipe and lit it as he settled into one of the two chairs next to the window .
the dragon head passed the lit opium pipe to zhu-ting .
if he refused to smoke the pipe he would be dishonoring the hospitality of the dragon head , which was the very crime that he accused benjamin of dishonoring his gracious offer of his daughter mai .
the second one was a triad enforcer whose loyalties lay with his secret brotherhood that could bring a shortened life that might not last as long as zhu-tings ; the third was fonder of his opium pipe than honest labor .
it looks to me as if one of the anchor chains is not running through the hawser pipe and down into the chain locker .
he had no real bad habits except for pipe smoking , which most men did , and an occasional beer with his buddies in town especially on the saturday dance nights .
mr. stanley chapman sat back deep in thought after loading and lighting his pipe .
even though he had just arisen from his berth he fired up his pipe and soon he found that a number of passengers were coming from every berth and gathering to discuss their travels .
the train was smoky and uncomfortable and he spent much of the time smoking his pipe anyway and used up most of his tobacco which he planned to replenish in boston .
the lawyer sat back and thought about that for a minute , filling and lighting his pipe .
so dillon filled and lit his pipe .
dillon lit his pipe and said i guess i ask stupid questions but this is all new to me .
sam knocked the ashes from his pipe into the fireplace and as he was leaving the room he said , please come to charleston now and then ; lester and ill be there at your service at all times .
well , theres an extra pipe and tobacco ; youre welcome if you want .
he sat down , lit up his pipe and spoke .
come in and you can visit with him and maybe smoke a pipe with him .
now , she 'd ordered a good aulos made for hercla , and the girl had learned how to breathe continuously , so that the second pipe sounded an incessant drone to accompany the bubbling , stuttering melody of the first .
another pipe played , closer this time , the same wistful shard of a tune , and a shout answered it ; and then silence again , and the sound of feet passing .
standing there in that small room , surrounded by all matthew 's suits and shirts , smelling his pipe , i just broke down .
i placed the drain pipe over the iron sleeve , inserted the mandrel down the center , and filled the whole assemblage with molten bronze .
the policeman had struck a friction-match and proceeded to light his pipe .
he smoked a pipe , absentmindedly tapping the ashes out and refilling the bowl with fresh tobacco .
reseated , the headmaster picked his pipe back up from its resting stand .
he led me to one of the tents nearby where a young officer was sitting on a folding stool and smoking a short pipe .
he pointed down the line of tents with his pipe and put it back in his mouth .
a ladder ran down the side , but serenity needed to climb over the edge to get herself into the pipe and the climb was awkward .
i might bleed out here in this metal pipe .
the vampire leapt down the pipe .
a scream of frustration echoed up the pipe .
the vampires teeth locked around her wrist , but then the pipe filled with the sound of sizzling flesh and madeline screamed .
she froze in terror , certain she would hear madeline scurrying back up the pipe ; that the vampire would quickly recover and come after her to rip her to shreds .
even a vampire wouldnt be able to scale the sheer walls of the pipe without some kind of footing and there wasnt enough space at the bottom for her to get a run up to jump , especially not injured .
her leg was a mass of pain , but serenitys relief at being out of the dark pipe and back in sebastians presence meant she barely noticed .
theres nowhere to hide at the bottom of the pipe and once the sun comes up , shell never be able to harm anyone again .
as they reached the vehicle and the sun mounted the horizon , serenity knew the scream of agony and rage drifting up from the bottom of the pipe was no longer her imagination .
as the day went on he made a few small explosives and a couple of pipe bombs .
before continuing upon his route a nasty , huge wolverine bounded out of a cement drainage pipe from the ditch next to the bus stop .
taught me plenty o ' white boys how to lay the pipe back in my day .
once the hook was on the other roof , she pulled the cable back until the hook attached itself to a pipe .
it was little more than a pipe dream for me .
she sat back on her heels and lit the tobacco in her pipe and stroked her chin contemplatively .
i cant remember what pulled me back to flip through the pages , but situated in the middle of a long and utterly dry narrative , unfettered by the usual scattering of greek symbols that left many equations looking like hieroglyphics , lay a simple formula for calculating frequencies in an open pipe .
the shopping list consisted mostly of copper pipe that i could transform into bells and redwood planks i could use as base plates and strikers .
a quick glance revealed everything from foodstuffs to copper pipe for plumbing .
if it hadnt been for the two fishing poles mounted in rod-holders made of pvc pipe , i might have walked right past it .
some dripped steaming wax onto the pipe organs leather bench .
dushell was already swinging her pipe .
i tiptoed to the couch , got mine , and brittany pulled her pipe from her backpack .
she made them as she launched into zombies with her metal pipe .
i thought about the houses plumbing and hoped to find a metal pipe i could rip out .
instead , she moved along the ground with her zombie crushing lead pipe .
who needed illegal contraband to torture yourself with a prolonging death with a needle or a razor or a pipe when there was this ?
this time no descent was made as the army swept batlike over the sterile landscape , passing the feeble fires of the unwholesome stone villages at a great altitude , and pausing not at all to mark the morbid twistings of the hooved , horned almost-humans that dance and pipe eternally therein .
thus , while the busy dame bustled about the house , or plied her spinning-wheel at one end of the piazza , honest balt would sit smoking his evening pipe at the other , watching the achievements of a little wooden warrior , who , armed with a sword in each hand , was most valiantly fighting the wind on the pinnacle of the barn .
darkness , forgotten pvc pipe , and a long way down lay below me .
smith was a short distance beyond , crouching behind more pipe .
colleen took a deep breath , plunged into the corridor , and banged her wrench hard , twice , on the pipe beside rick .
dodging another burst of steam from the broken water pipe , i ran to the door my father had been standing at .
moments after he lit the pipe , the sweet smell of tobacco hit me and for a while something in this awful world smelled good .
his eyebrows came together as he stared down at the pipe in his hands for a few heartbeats before going on , driving the topic away from his confession .
with his back to the wall , he studied the painting , as he ever so carefully sought out his pipe and filled it .
slip threatened to smash his head in with a steel pipe or something .
one looked playful , with a toothy smile and a long light gray beard , dressed in an orange hat and tunic and no pants , while the other was more serious-looking , dressed all in dark brown with a pipe hanging out of his mouth .
shed eat , if i had to sit there and pipe it down her neck like a frail baby bird .
on the south side of town , near the school , theres a drainage pipe .
well have to crawl through the drainage pipe , but then well be out .
when it calmed to a flame , he lit the pipe and flicked the matchstick into the sea .
john pointed at captains pipe and changed the subject .
he held the smoke in his lungs and passed his pipe to an eager welles .
captain chose then to light his pipe , receiving appreciative oohs and aahs and a prompt invitation from the candle maker , bing .
he nodded thoughtfully and nursed his pipe .
he leaned back , pulled out his pipe , a bag of leaves and a box of lucifers .
margot was delighted , until she smelled the pipe .
jacob giggled , said , i know , and inhaled from the pipe .
bring your pipe , old boy ?
hed seen the pipe come out like that many times before , in addition to the regularity with which it normally came out .
he winked with the pipe in his teeth and tapped himself on the nose .
fergus nodded sadly and reached out for the pipe .
he just said , no , indeed , and lit his pipe .
when his head struck the old iron pipe that went from the sink to a drain in the floor there was a hollow thunk sound that the chef was uncertain of .
but as he backed away from you he slipped , fell and banged his head on a pipe .
they did n't seem able to go faster than twenty-five miles an hour and renault finally said , here we go as he lit the first pipe bomb and tossed it through his open window , then lit the next one , and the next .
a moment before the first pipe bomb detonated the ghostly voice of vito whispered inside his head , other than questioning the wisdom of letting a one-eyed old man with undoubtedly poor depth perception handle high explosives , nope .
when the pipe bomb struck against a medium sized metallic tank that had been left near the edge of the loading dock , it made a fairly loud gong-like noise that attracted the attention of a shuffling undead woman with dirty neon red dyed hair .
the priest took a pipe out from his cloak , fumbling around for the packet of tobacco .
the priest lifted his pipe in resignation before putting it in his mouth .
*** hunched over , lighting his pipe , father o'reilly clicked off his lighter .
he pushed his pipe squarely into his mouth , puffing .
father o'reilly stood , knocking the bacchy out of his pipe into the crystal ashtray .
he turned back to the machine and fiddled with the settings until an ugly pea-coloured gunk slopped into a cup from a metal pipe .
dobber continued to gnaw on his pipe , sitting with his back to the outlands .
inside she saw a pipe and a bag that held tobacco .
jake reached for a small piece of pipe that was lying on a table .
he heard a noise behind him coming from the stairwell , turned quickly , bent , and picked up the piece of pipe .
jake asked , as he lowered the pipe .
surprise causes moonshine to go down the wrong pipe and up my nose .
reets pretended not to listen , staring into the horizon and taking desultory puffs on his pipe .
he shoved the pipe in his mouth and took a series of steady puffs .
when it had , he removed his pipe and said , whats out there , mums ?
but then it all went sour on em , he said , pronouncing sour as sar and pointing his pipe at the next man .
numbly , reets reached for his pack and pipe .
reets mouth gaped and he felt his pipe nearly fall from his lips .
a metal pipe he 'd used the day before fell behind him , pinging against the metal frame of the happy restful entrance .
someone always has a cracked pipe or a leaking roof that they need fixing .
the pipe itself was unremarkable ; however the crew was quite remarkable as five of the seven men had on modern-day kilts with pockets to hold their gear along with hard hats and bright yellow vests .
there was a cobalt blue pipe inside , a little baggie under it .
i looked to the ceiling and it was all exposed pipe .
gripping the hollow pipe , he turned to complete darkness briefly filled terrys vision as he was sent sprawling to the floor , courtesy of another pistol whip .
instead , he let the other miners go back to their business , dropped his mining tool , strapped the pickaxe across his back and decided to see where the pipe led .
a roaring blue flame shot out from it ; it was about as long at the pipe itself .
undeterred , he reach behind him as far as he could and brought the pipe into ramirezs right knee .
with the gun useless , he grabbed the studded club with his left hand , the iron pipe already in his right one .
mike followed it up with a swing of the pipe , hitting him in the ribs and knocking the air out of him .
instantly his surroundings were transformed and he now found himself inside the curling pipe of an enormous blue swell of water .
smoke billowed from his corn cob pipe as he looked out into the fields .
hed have no problem scraping us off and flushing us down the porcelain pipe without hesitation .
somehow the avalon felt like a big pipe dream .
taking a thin white towel and patting away the ice and snow from the area , she fumbled to press the tape over the pipe .
from there , shimmy down the drain pipe .
alex looked around and picked up a pipe that lay nearby .
in the center of the room was an table , smoothed pipe work covered with a chip board slab and a formica facade , and a folding chair .
as the cadaver was about to descend on me a lead pipe from behind smashed right through its head covering me with splatter .
there were just two more firearms : beretta 9mm semiautomatics that held fifteen rounds in the magazine and one in the pipe .
johnny started up after jake , then saw a short piece of pipe laying on the ground , about three feet long .
johnny finally regained his balance and wedged himself into the middle of the fight , getting the man in a strangle hold with the pipe .
johnny wielded the pipe cautiously .
johnny barred his way with the pipe .
johnny tried to bend over to pick up the pipe but lucas ' grip was impossibly strong , holding him up and pushing him back toward the kitchen .
johnny showed him the pipe , which now had a serious bend in it .
he sprang to his feet and held the pipe threateningly .
daylight filtered in through a gap around a pipe that pierced the concrete wall .
he pulled the rest of the insulation away and peered through the gap by pressing his head against the pipe .
toms exhaustion had overcome him in the cistern and he had dozed off , listening to the sounds of the fire , supporting himself with an arm hooked over the drain pipe .
now if i could only get my hands on a cow foolish pipe dream .
she had a length of steel pipe tucked under her armpit and a pistol on her hip while the others were armed with various types of rifles .
she then drug lilly kicking and screaming to the front where we could see her , tossed her pipe to the side , and drew her pistol .
hook took the distraction as an opportunity to light one of our pipe bombs on his cigar and chuck it to where their remaining vehicles sat parked .
a pipe or two might be just the type of weapon we need .
he breathed in deeply for several moments , feeling the thick air cotton his lungs like a blanket and rasp out through his nose like hot steam escaping a pipe .
it was cold , white metal , and it rang hollow like a pipe .
his lips were shaking intensely as he tried to puff ; the pipe fell out of his mouth and landed in his hands .
then he raised his hands high and smashed the pipe on the ground , filling the room with the sounds of the crash .
i watched as the father kicked and hit the infected with his metal pipe while they combated on the bloody floor .
the water on the floor shimmered with filmy rainbows , the product of a leaky pipe .
he wrapped it around the pipe several times , tying it off tight .
anne picked up the snapped pipe .
throaty breaths wheezed from the end of the pipe .
they listened to the hollow wheezing emitting from the end of the pipe .
it was a piece of pipe that your arm landed on ; its sharp edge must have cut right through you .
she needed water , something to clear her dry pipe of a throat .
put that in your goddamn pipe and smoke it .
she was always one for pipe dreams .
we had crawled into the engineering deck via a large hole but the pipe carried on , spiraling down a few levels and into the very core of the engine itself .
i was so glad to be back inside and out of danger of falling that i had as yet failed to notice the burst water pipe overhead .
i conclude by what evidence i have that a steam pipe must have burst , probably quite recently , and melted the frozen pools of ice .
i can see , now that the room had emptied of the water that filled it , the burst pipe atop the ceiling filling it once again .
her wrists were tied together with rope over a pipe that ran the length of the room .
she hung by her wrists from the pipe , her legs too weak to hold her up .
the four barreled shotgun was pointed directly at the overhead pipe .
the vampires stared mesmerized at the ruined pipe , but billy was in motion .
water erupted from the ruined pipe , spraying the entire room .
taking care not to step under the still falling holy water from the broken pipe , he carried her out the door .
would you two pipe down ?
lucy is behind us despatching another of the grey hands with a heavy metal pipe .
he wore wellington boots and a flat cap and sticking out of his mouth was a pipe .
the freezer was held shut by a length of metal pipe .
with great effort they dragged his limp and delirious form onto a kitchen chair and handcuffed him to a water pipe , then with much tenderness they washed the blood from his face and hair , we shall have to take his clothes off .
steam hissed from a pipe that protruded from a wall .
died on the highway , tractor trailer lost its load of pipe .
he ate very little breakfast , and for once omitted to smoke his pipe .
he hopped down to the big , round sewage pipe to pick some of the bluebread for his dinner .
when he went to lift himself back onto the large pipe he found that it was n't possible with one hand .
he clanged the stun baton against the pipe and the scurrying stopped momentarily .
thinking quickly , he got onto his back and shimmied underneath the pipe and bundles of sagging , muck-covered wires .
the trickle at the bottom of the viaduct came from a cracked sewage pipe somewhere .
disnee gave the pipe back to kelvin .
he raised the pipe like when he killed the cat by their camp .
she twirled the pipe like a hitter getting up to bat .
this boy and a woman waving a pipe looked like an easy meal .
she began holding the pipe , but by the time the pack had thinned , she had dropped the weapon and fought open palmed , ripping and tearing with her metal hands , moving quickly from one to the next , chasing down those that ran .
`` nice pipe dream , '' bob returned .
at one point they stepped out into a large , open tunnel with an enormous pipe running along the center of the floor .
cupping her pipe in one hand , she put on her most innocent face and peeked out , prepared for the worst .
she stuffed her pipe and the empty ziploc into the bottom of her backpack , tucking them under a spare pair of panties .
it sounded like someone had sucked a drink down the wrong pipe and was trying to clear their throat .
two sea gulls stirred near a sewer pipe that fed into the bay .
randy paid the glass blower to make a beautiful pipe that looked like a large red dragon with green eyes .
1 the blood in the giant bong bubbled and swirled , emitting a sweet-smelling steam as it heated throughout the labyrinths of the monstrous satanic pipe .
the echo of her voice traveled through the pipe and into chariah 's mouth as he inhaled .
the mouthpiece of his elaborate pipe obediently inserted itself between his fangs , and the necrodelic began to smoke spiderflesh .
tattoos split and exploded , large chunks of scales fell sizzling to the bottom of the pipe , and the serpentine face of the oneirophage loosened and then detached , revealing the face of another beneath it as the dead skin mask floated to the bubbling surface .
inhaling opium from the pornographic pipe , the incubus and succubus began numbing their bodies from the pain to come and imbuing their minds with the higher states of consciousness required for such tantric sorceries and surgeries that were to follow .
the pipe clicked and turned and rearranged itself with tiny gears , transforming into a miniature sculpture of a winged dragon , whose mouth opened on hinges so that it could be filled with drugs .
he placed the mouthpiece of the pipe , the tip of the spiked tail of the dragon , between his charred lips .
junisia pulled a pipe from her dripping scalplock and they smoked more opium and psilocybin .
he gestured toward the necrodelic with the water pipe as he approached , offering to share his feast of psychedelic mushrooms .
he filled the cacoshaman 's skull with his own mutilated flesh , hot blood , and still-beating organs , then replaced the brain and scalp , bore a small hole in the back of the skull with one claw , and used the severed head as a pipe .
drelrei and junisia filled the womb-bowl of their double pipe with squirming , yellow masses of maggots that sometimes spilled from the rim and plummeted to the ground below .
hellfire arose from the interplanal portal on the floor , and blood began to boil , red steam filled the chamber , and roseate condensation bedewed the labyrinthine and mandalic network of twisted tubes and vessels , glass arteries and veins , that comprised the intricate flesh-smoking pipe .
impaling drelrei with the force of his black air , chariah further enlarged the gash in his torso and eviscerated the incubus , his intestines falling to the base of the pipe to wave about like vampiric anemones .
all the weight of what might or might not be coming down the pipe threatened to crush the hearts and spirits of everyone in the car .
the truck jerked forward as the driver tested the gas , gears grinding and black smoke spewing from the exhaust pipe behind ashs head .
chapter 21 that night while others slept , butch smith , the one that jumping bat jackson called red man , kneeled on the beach , lit the pipe of the gods , and entered the highway of death .
he sits nearby and pushes tobacco into the bowl of a pipe .
flex , if we can find enough black pipe , i want to run it from the spare tanks to the feed for the underground lp tanks .
straight shot , just six 20-foot lengths , some couplings , a couple of 90-degree elbows , a union , and some pipe dope .
i was thinking some copper pipe , joined by couplings to a height of 100 might do it .
i dropped the couplings , solder and torch in my basket , and grabbed the ten lengths of pipe and hefted them out to the crown victoria .
`` oh , i think that 's too harsh , '' bowden said , lighting his pipe and puffing out a choking cloud of cherry blend .
`` pipe cleaners for me and a small package of fiscal '' responsibility for your mother , '' dick said .
he was busy lighting his pipe .
`` you member i tole you sonny was talking to a guy just a day before they found him all cut up in that pipe ?
there was only a small concrete half wall by the hose outlet pipe and an opening just big enough to squeeze through .
she fitted one end over christine 's exhaust pipe and put the other end in one of the back windows .
the bright new exhaust pipe shot blue smoke .
'just went down the wrong pipe .
and then i saw the familiar white-over-red shape of christine turn in from school street and cruise up the student drive , moving at a steady twenty , blowing a little plume of white exhaust from her pipe .
there is n't one but i sense a pipe running overhead , carrying water to the house .
but he is in there , david thought suddenly , and that thought , like so much that had happened to him since his mother had told him about brian 's accident , did not feel like something that was coming from him but only some-thing going through him ... as if his mind and body had turned into some sort of pipe .
as they drew nearer , he saw that the strands of what looked like cobwebbing were actually pvc pipe .
'you told me joe must have been yellin - `` cryin out '' was what you actually said - so i just ast if - , 'all right , all right , ' he says , and put his pipe down in garrett 's brass ashtray hard enough to make it clang .
henry talked , the man beside him listened with dumb admiration , and no one ( certainly not pete ) could have surmised that he was thinking of the shotgun , the rope , the exhaust pipe , the pills .
the pipe which carried the creek beneath the turnpike was big enough for the snowmobile , but not for the snowmobile and its rider .
there were other boys with him ; three - no four of them , one peering into some kind of pipe .
they pull her carefully back up the pipe toward where duddits is waiting , holding up her purse in one hand and the two dolls in the other , shouting in to josie not to worry , not to worry because he 's got barbieken .
of course they had done a good thing - without them , josie rinkenhauer would have died in that pipe like a rat in a rainbarrel .
the car went forward nose-first into the crack and lodged on the pipe , unmuffled engine blatting stridently .
calling for her sisters , calling for her pa , calling for everything but her pipe and bowl and fiddlers three .
norman rockwell , pipe and all ! ''
her throat shrank dryly inside her neck , seeming to cry out , and she became aware that she was actually touching water-a small puddle from the leaky pipe under the sink , the one the plumber never seemed to get to no matter how many times he was asked .
there was a picture , an incredibly busy picture , and in it you were sup-posed to find ten hidden objects : a pipe , a clown , a diamond ring , stuff like that .
after perhaps half a minute , a stream of cool , clear water belched from the pipe and went down the drain to be recirculated .
the pipe valve had been fixed , she saw .
he shuddered with the pipe halfway out of his side .
`` he dragged himself off the pipe while i was trying to calm alex . ''
it was as filthy as a rusty exhaust pipe , peeling in some places and cracked in others ... but it was still intact .
and looking into the black bore of this pipe , it was all too easy to imagine that bird crouched at the far end , leathery batlike wings folded over its back , staring at the small , round boyface looking into the darkness , staring , staring with its gold-ringed eyes ... shivering , mike pulled back .
there was silence ... and then that crackly , rustling sound began again as the bird resumed forcing itself into the pipe .
they hook a hose to the pipe at the bottom . ''
she saw it striking the sewage pipe ... and even as she saw it , the tape bound up again .
he lit his pipe slowly and shook out the wooden match .
faced with tile , caked black with soot for the final ten feet of its length , it had lain in the high grass like a gigantic pipe .
an old man in a ridiculous driving-cap , a cold pipe clenched between his teeth , went on leafing through a folio of luis de vargas '' sketches .
it was from this raised concrete pipe that the eyes , each more than two feet across , stared .
4 mike told the story of the bird at the old ironworks and how he had run into the pipe to escape it .
the inner ceramic surface of the pipe was crusted with stuff he did n't want to know about .
low humming came from the pumping-station , and beyond it he could see a pipe jutting out of the embankment over the kenduskeag .
those two were both shooting torrents of muddy water into the kenduskeag , but only a trickle was coming from the pipe sticking out of the embankment below this one .
henry reappeared at the rim of the pumping-station and dropped a rock the size of a soccer ball into the pipe .
beverly had turned away and was looking back along the bore of the inflow pipe .
`` do you know where this pipe goes ? ''
eddie pointed reluctantly at the lower pipe ... and although bill 's heart sank , he was n't at all surprised .
he remembered the conversation about berry 's sewers with his father and thought he knew what this pipe must be-it was to handle the overflow that only occurred during heavy rains and during the flood season .
the pipe they were in now was smaller still .
keep- '' then a shriek of such mad fear and pain came through the pipe that the guttering match fell from bill 's fingers and went out .
richie shouted into the echoing pipe .
he was crawling now , and the pipe seemed impossibly tight .
5 in the tunnels / 4:55 a.m. as he crawled , bill reminded himself of the dropoff at the end of this pipe , but it still surprised him .
when they finally reached the end of the narrow pipe , they slithered like eels down the curved surface of another which ran at an oblique angle to the one they had been in , and found they could stand up again .
`` it smells like- '' a scream floated down to them , issuing from the mouth of the pipe they had just left , lifting the hair on the nape of bill 's neck .
lex she was curled up inside a big one-meter drainage pipe that ran under the road .
she continued to bang her head on the pipe .
tim sat down in the grass outside the pipe , where she could see him .
`` i saw him when i was in the pipe . ''
`` stuffed in a bloody pipe , '' muldoon said .
at least , not after he 'd shot the leg off one , when the nosy bastard came too close to the pipe .
if you look at the bottom of the tanks , you 'll see a white pipe coming out . ''
`` keep following the pipe . ''
`` go around to the back of the generator , to where the plastic pipe runs in. ``
i ca n't pipe up with , `` oi !
instead of throwing himself over the rail , as he might have done , he lit his pipe and smoked a bowl of tobacco slowly , watching the sun go down behind that distant , disappearing cloud on horizon - that cloud which was the coast of africa .
a weathered pipe , the wood of its bowl rubbed to the color of cream by decades of use .
pressed against him , i could not fail to detect the sickening odor rising like a pall from his clothing , the by now too-familiar smell of death , which the smoldering bowl of his pipe could not completely camouflage .
we paused in the yard to clear our lungs of death 's foul miasma and for the constable to refill his pipe .
morgan sucked on his pipe , long since gone out , and regarded the map through the lower quadrant of his pince-nez .
warthrop and morgan were engaged in a whispering heated argument when i arrived , morgan emphasizing each point with a jab of his pipe stem into the doctor 's chest .
morgan puffed noisily on his empty pipe and obsessively took off and put back on his pince-nez , rubbing the lenses nervously with his handkerchief before shoving them back upon his nose and slapping the kerchief back over his mouth .
`` old jack fiddler pulled on his pipe , stuck it up his arse , and gave it a light ! ''
a pipe had burst and never been repaired , transforming the tenement cellar into a cesspool .
a pouch of tobacco and a weathered pipe .
they looked very much alike-removed a long , thin pipe from a nook in the wall and prepared the bowl .
one was a pipe .
everett frankel , the physician 's assistant who worked with dr. van allen , bought the pipe brian rusk had noticed on his advance visit to needful things for twelve dollars and a prank to be played on sally ratcliffe .
everett frankel , ray van allen 's physician 's assistant , dreamed he slipped his new pipe into his mouth only to discover the stem had turned into a razor-blade and he had cut off his own tongue .
it had been carved by a master craftsman , that pipe ; birds and flowers and vines circled the bowl in a pattern that actually seemed to change when one looked at it from different angles .
he thought the pipe made him look older , wiser , handsomer .
he pulled in , started to get out of the car , then remembered that the pipe was still clenched between his teeth .
anybody might be tempted to steal a nice pipe like that .
he hoped his pipe would be all right .
`` you 'd better answer me quickly , young man-i 'm not as sure of that pipe as i was a moment ago . ''
once he was sitting behind the wheel again , the first thing everett did was unlock the glove compartment , put the envelope with lovey written on the front in , and take the pipe out .
the original owner of this pipe had been hermann goring .
i turned around , groping in my back pocket for the pipe wrench that was no longer there , and now my breakfast was a hard hot ball inside my guts .
a pipe always stuffed with something that came from copenhagen and smelled like cowshit .
the grass was much smoother in the water pipe , and i could hold the smoke better .
i found the pipe wrench in the garage , in an old toolbox .
i had the pipe wrench in my back pocket .
i hit the back pocket with my hand , and the pipe wrench fell out .
i dropped the pipe wrench on the floor and walked out without looking back .
i never saw that pipe wrench again , but what the fuck .
beside the jagged hole in the pipe , tremont found andy 's rock-hammer .
a rat jumped out of the pipe as tremont was examining the hole and the rock-hammer , and he swore later that it was nearly as big as a cocker spaniel pup .
he must have had just enough clearance at the shoulders to keep moving , and he probably had to shove himself through the places where the lengths of pipe were joined .
last of all , suppose he got out of the pipe , got away from shawshank before the alarm was raised , got to buxton , overturned the right rock ... and found nothing beneath ?
he laid his bare hands on the cold iron pipe of the railing and looked down .
`` ran a hose from the exhaust pipe of his car into the back window and shut everything up .
it settles in the way an old friend will settle into your favorite chair and take out his pipe and light it and then fill the afternoon with stories of places he has been and things he has done since last he saw you .
the header pipe was just about shot , the blinkers did n't work , and the sticker came up next month .
he fiddled with his pipe but did n't light it .
'i want my pipe . '
`` nope , it ai n't quite the place you want to finish up , '' john agreed , puffing his pipe .
john put his pipe in his mouth , took a wooden match from his breast pocket , and set his thumb against the tip .
the pipe was at last going to his satisfaction and he settled back , eyes shifting between the two strange , wandering men he had met earlier that day .
they passed a broken pipe that was exhaling a listless plume of green steam , and susannah suggested they hold their breadi until diey were well past it .
blue smoke jetted from the rusted exhaust pipe as he started it up .
and there the chevy came to rest , trailing its rusty exhaust pipe behind it .
he stopped filling his pipe and just looked at her .
`` marriage or abortion , '' peter goldsmith said , and drew on his pipe .
she could stand and smell the oil that was rubbed into everything , the must , the faint odor of her father 's pipe .
a large pipe projected out of the tangle of pumping machinery , its bore better than two feet , its end threaded to take what the oil people called a clutch-hose .
the blue flames , no more than two inches high , spread toward the machinery and toward the open pipe in a widening semicircle .
they hit with a clanging noise , the rivets still hanging in some of the chunks of metal , twisted and black , as the outflow pipe had been .
blue smoke belched from the chromed exhaust pipe .
the smell of his cigar made her think of her father and her father 's pipe .
glen was lighting his pipe .
come on , you two , pipe down . ''
it shied from her touch and she was too big to crawl into the pipe .
if someone does , it goes when the pipe gets hot .
glen stayed up to smoke a pipe .
glen tamped the last of his tobacco into his pipe , and wondered suddenly if stu had any cigarettes .
black smoke boiled out of the rusty exhaust pipe and turned blue .
the boy ran toward the sound - a wrench hitting a pipe , a hammer striking an anvil , a noise of work .
'now pipe down , okay ? '
and light your pipe , it 's gone out . '
the old man only smoked an occasional pipe .
the dentures were not quite as yellow as the pipe , but they were close .
i never liked to smoke that much anyway , rawlie would explain in his gentle , distracted voice when someone asked him about the pipe .
even the xeroxes of those who wanted to take transformational grammar , which was the gospel according to noam chomsky , translated by that dean of the dead pipe , rawlie delesseps .
rawlie delesseps 's office was cluttered , pleasant , and still inhabited by the smell of his pipe - two years ' abstinence apparently did not make up for some thirty years of indulgence .
he glanced at rawlie for a moment , but rawlie had taken his pipe from his mouth and appeared to be inspecting its fire-blackened bowl with close attention .
'that was quite a tale , about the faculty directory , ' rawlie remarked , putting the chewed stem of his pipe back in his mouth .
but the mild eyes looking at thad over the pipe were concerned .
thad was a little surprised to see that his pipe was lit , and giving off great clouds of what would have been extremely offensive smoke in a closed room .
'it 's a bird-call , ' rawlie said , studying him from above the shimmering bowl of his pipe .
it was good to get away from the ghost of rawlie 's pipe and into the fresh air for awhile .
someone even found a pipe on the foredeck .
it sounded like wind blowing across an open pipe , or an inhuman choir which was uttering the same open-throated syllable in unison : aaaaaaa ... bob shook his head .
garraty felt a panicked , trapped sensation , as if someone had stuffed him into an underground pipe that was too small to get out of .
there was a pause while he lit his pipe .
his pipe had gone out .
when the pipe was aglow and things seemed set to rights , george continued : `` as you know , the rules of poker state that the man who has been called should show first .
when i left greer 's office , he was just settling back with his pipe and the wall street journal .
something must have blocked off the outside end of the pipe .
`` if you do n't like what you see on anderson avenue , use that pipe you know about .
he turned the storm-drain cover back over and edged it toward the pipe entrance just enough so he could grip it from beneath once he was down there then he walked over to the fuse box , hammered the padlock off with the crowbar , and shoved it open .
but he could n't get into the horizontal pipe .
once leaning against his chest and belly and groin , with his knees bending the right way , he could slip down further , letting his calves and feet slide into the horizontal pipe until he was in the praying position .
he worked his hands up over his head again to give himself more room , and now his face lay solidly against the slime of the pipe .
panting , he began to back into the unknown darkness of the pipe .
the pipe was picking up heat from the fierce explosion and fire that was raging somewhere above him , the way the handle of a skillet picks up heat from a gas-ring .
lobsterlike , richards humped backwards on his knees and forearms , his buttocks rising to smack the top of the pipe at every movement .
the new pipe ran at right angles to the one richards had just come through , and it was much larger-big enough to stand in bent over .
we could just as well run a pipe from the stove to the livin room , turn on the free-vee and wait . ''
the place was a maze , a rat warren of half-built stores and shops , discarded lengths of pipe , piles of cinderblock and boards , shacks and rusted quonset huts , all overgrown with scrubby junipers and laurels and witch-grass and blue spruce , blackberry and blackthorn , devil 's paintbrush and denuded goldenrod .
his mother called such people ignorant and superstitious , but his father only shook his head slowly and puffed his pipe and said that sometimes old stories had a grain or two of truth in them and it was best not to take chances .
we were playing `` bamboo bay '' when this big fellow walked in , wearing a white suit and smoking a pipe with more squiggles in it than a french horn .
with the pipe he did n't look like a bum .
he even smoked a pipe , which he carried always in his right coat pocket .
he was wearing his robe , and puffing on his obnoxious pipe and laughing .
for someone staring some horrible ailment in the face c vernon 's cancer , or the misbegotten nightmare that had killed this man 's son c i might make an exception , but take the pipe just because you were depressed ?
but then his hands began to tremble and his pipe fell into the long grass ( yellow and sere as a result of the factory work that went on out here ) .
there was a ratty old couch behind the ranked cookers , and here andy and chef bushey sat under a picture of christ on a motorcycle ( title : your unseen road buddy ) , passing a pipe back and forth .
he took back the pipe .
sitting with legs akimbo as he was , he looked to andy like an indian with a peace pipe .
the fire reaches downtown and explodes along main street like a blowtorch in a pipe .
a game of darts was in progress ; in a booth near the back , a whore who styled herself countess jillian of up'ard killian ( exiled royalty from distant garlan , my dears , oh how special we are ) was managing to give two handjobs at the same time while smoking a pipe .
`` the pipe that took the oil to yon building , i reckon .
the pipe ( she could now see oil bleeding out of its old joints , even in the weak moonlight ) ducked under the gate ; they went over it .
he pointed at the place where the pipe ended .
fourteen on this side of the mysteriously reactivated oil-supply pipe , and , she assumed , a like number on the other .
roland held the round firework as long as he dared , then lobbed it into the overflow pipe .
it was like an explosion of sewage from a buried pipe .
a little at a time , the shit had started to back up in the pipe .
quincey lit his pipe .
`` quincey knocked out his pipe with quick , jittery movements .
or she could light your pipe . ''
he went back , started up the biscayne , a big jet of oily blue smoke coming from the exhaust pipe , and backed out .
a moment later the chrome faucet just over the bucket twisted twice , spun like a propeller , and then blew off the pipe jutting from the wall .
a coiled green hose that hung on a peg next to the pipe had fused its plastic loops .
cursing , he grabbed nick and shoved him into a drainage pipe .
turning around , he saw madaug at the gaming console , where he was smashing it with a pipe he must have found on the ground .
another instrumental voice joined in that might have been the irish pipe , high , nasal , and almost baleful .
`` will you pipe down in there , '' called the jailer without opening his eyes .
they had stood in the open doorway , waiting for the crazy old man with the big mustache to find the envelope that coraline 's mother had left , and the flat had smelled of strange foods and pipe tobacco and odd , sharp , cheesy-smelling things coraline could not name .
she climbed over to the starboard side to probe some more , and found an apparently identical pipe , running parallel to the other .
but this was different , not a pipe but some kind of funnel .
camberwell had smoked a pipe at his desk for thirty years , until the building had instituted a no-smoking policy .
he crushed the plasticine pipe back into a shapeless blob .
anna brought her pipe down on the second one , but it did no good .
the breaking bone shivered up the pipe to her arms , but she pushed in deeper .
in front of him , a section of damaged pipe looked like snapped bones .
`` strap that pipe down , amos , '' holden said .
good f**king thing i did n't waste time with that pipe , though . ''
the place smelled like fresh blooms and old pipe smoke , though avasarala had never smoked there and did n't know anyone who had .
in the center of the room , there were tables with built-in terminals to pipe in encrypted information from a thousand different sources .
bull let go , and the boy pushed off to the wall , situating himself over the length of pipe that was waiting there for him .
scotty was sitting on the edge of the metal platform , legs dangling over the side , smoking a pipe and spitting on the ground below his feet .
basia leaned against the cart for a moment in silence while scotty smoked off the last of his pipe and coop set the blasting caps on the barrels .
basia stopped him , plucked the lit pipe from between his lips , and put it on the hood of the cart .
he moved quickly down the hall , his brain flipping from telling him that he was climbing up a massive steel-and-ceramic well to falling headlong down it to - oddly - crawling upside down , as if he were on the ceiling of a drainage pipe .
a long metal tube projected from one side of it , and seemed to run the entire length of the ship 's hull like a sewer pipe .
there are blades all the way up and down the shaft of the iron pipe , but an increasing number towards the end , where a vicious iron spike protrudes from the tip .
squeezing the steering wheel , she stared through the windshield into the stormy darkness , somewhere north of the border in organ pipe cactus national monument .
disappeared in organ pipe cactus national monument , july 2002 .
when it finally hit him , ethan let the long bamboo pipe slip from his fingers and eased back into the chair , grinning stupidly at the ceiling , blowing smoke rings at the fire .
`` something happened a year ago- '' `` ai n't gon na listen to this , '' ezekiel said , and he struggled to his feet and webbed a ways up the trail , where he stood with his back to them , smoking his pipe , watching the basin fill with snow .
across the street , an old man sat in a chair on his front porch , smoking a pipe and watching a crew of teenagers blow the leaves on his lawn into a brown pile .
tinged with the remnant of sweet smoke , cigar or pipe .
they spent the night inside one of the sixty-foot lengths of pipe , jack sitting by the opening watching the snow come down until the light was gone .
he set the cup in the sun and moved back between the rows of stacked pipe .
she eased cole down onto the floor of the pipe and crawled outside .
dee turned and stared into the shadow of the pipe , watched her daughter sit up and rub her eyes .
in the afternoon , dee walked over to the pipe where naomi had holed herself up for hours and crouched down by the opening .
it took him back to his childhood in tennessee and those mid-october evenings sitting on the screened porch while his father smoked his pipe , staring across the soybean fields when the chorus of crickets had dwindled down to a lonely one .
the pipe was getting low .
then , somehow , over and above all that , he thought he heard the high pipe of the whistle again .
jasper was a spazzy , twitchy-smart ten-year-old , and a complete pyro with a fixation on pipe bombs , water impulse charges , and anything that made a bang .
both girls had their hands hooked around a pipe .
peter had managed to loosen one of penny 's hands , but the other clung so fiercely to the pipe , he could n't both hold her and work her free .
taste came and went , the buds on his tongue dying like old soldiers : the victims of many decades of pipe smoking , a professor 's vice .
a vigorous pipe cleaning to clear the system .
he checked the pipe holes under the sink .
it could have been simple urban blight , or it could have been the handiwork of `` midnight plumbers , '' a new breed of copper thieves ripping out pipe to sell at salvage yards .
teddy smelled pipe tobacco , and he and chuck turned at the same time , realized there was another man in the room .
naehring 's pipe stayed hovering in his hand .
he blew into a tiny pipe protruding from the filter , banged it into the palm of his hand several times , and slid back under the car .
he sighed and dug out his pipe .
sometimes all i gets is a couple of little lights flashing on a wall , or a pipe rumbling , but almost every time i poke at this thing , something happens on this sputnik .
slowly he took the pipe he had been puffing on from his teeth and said , next tour is two oclock , whoever you are .
zam leaned on the steel pipe railing of the dock .
in this highly industrialized modern world , few things can expose a societys limitations and weaknesses quicker than a stopped up sewer pipe .
it was about this time that hoyt came out of the kitchen to inform me he had finally located the main sewer pipe clean-out plug .
`` can you guys pipe down , i want to hear the violinist ! ''
drinkers followed behind , as though his blaster were a pipe and he danced in the motley .
the visitor walked thoughtfully out , the unlit pipe now in her mouth .
lulu thought she had found something and said this might be it , look at this , something about a water pipe .
the citizens were chanting dont spoil our stream with your bloody pipe dream !
dont spoil our stream with your bloody pipe dream !
all the sections of boxing for the pipe supports were in place , right up to the rock that was to be blasted .
the remaining five i am going to put under some of the concrete pipe supports .
the project was reconsidered by the council and the pipe was eventually laid under the road to the village .
if only we had known about this when the council had tried to put the water pipe along the stream , we could have had a lot more fun with bull neck !
some pipe running from the effluent pump in the milking shed had already been laid in the trench and covered over again .
she noticed that there were numerous different angle sections of pipe .
we could just block the pipe so that effluent wouldnt flow .
louie would dig a trench from just outside the milking shed where the pipe ended now , and run the trench to the house .
once the new pipe work was in place louie could cover it up again .
it would look as though this section of pipe was still connected to the effluent pump and be sitting ready to be extended to the stream !
as the trench progressed , pearl lifted the sections of pipe and placed them in the trench .
pearl and lulu continued laying the pipe and connecting the sections .
ill tell you about it later lulu ; lets get this pipe work finished .
pearl strategically placed the piece of dummy pipe in the trench outside the milking shed and got louie to put some earth over part of this too .
no one would know that the pipe had been laid under the drive now !
when the bee family called in on the sunday , the pipe work had indeed been completed and the trench filled in .
indeed nobody suspected that the effluent pipe outlet had ended up underneath the house !
on the way back lets just fly to the stream over there and check for sure that nothing is coming out of that effluent pipe .
louie was sure he heard the same word that bull neck had used sometime ago when the insects had stopped the water pipe project .
some condor pipe tobacco was purchased , some was set aside as a drinking allowance , some was then spent in the bookies in an attempt to make back what had been overspent on the drinking allowance and the rest was used to keep us children clothed , fed and watered .
looks like im going to have to take the whole ceiling down , find where the leaky pipe is .
im thinking its a pipe .
lee and kathleen settled into the sofa next to aunt lydia as lee began filling a corncob pipe with pot from a plastic baggie .
lee and kathleen could appreciate the form of his enthusiasm if not the content , and lee raised his corncob pipe in a salute to his good fortune .
a pipe burst , spraying water all over the shed , and the whistle petered out just as lee came running up .
ii lee and kathleen were sharing lees corncob pipe as they strolled through the woods towards the swamp .
he sniffed at his pipe and leaned over to whisper to kathleen .
lee offers the pipe to him .
even the pipe he was smoking gave off an aura of awesomeness .
all i can see are two green pipe cleaners and a trout .
a cloud of thick smoke billowed from his mahogany pipe , and he watched as it drifted towards the unimpressive house across the street .
he placed his pipe in his coats pocket , and removed his oblong glasses , which he wiped on his sleeve to clear the droplets of water still clinging to the lenses .
he absent-mindedly removed his pipe from a pocket , and began filling it from a foil pouch with a practiced motion .
he started to protest , but realized that the mixed odors of nervous sweat , alcohol , and pipe tobacco were not the best ingredients for a pleasant aroma .
derek killick ignored his sarcastic and exaggerated raising of one eyebrow and taking his pipe out of one pocket and a plastic tobacco wallet from another , proceeded to fill it .
killick also felt that the beard and pipe gave him a gravitas that his bright red hair would have denied him with a beardless face .
killick was relighting his pipe and having finally got it going again sat back in his chair , ankles crossed and arms folded , puffing peacefully and giving a fair impression of an old steam locomotive .
two older men , each with a thick beard , sat on a bench in front of the station sharing a pipe .
huestis wrapped his lips around the pipe but didnt inhale .
huestis hurled the pipe on the ground .
he handed the pipe to norbert without a look .
stacie and yadira were hampered in their attempt to follow him by the fact that all they could glimpse were running images of its creepy golden eyes and every few feet corroded lengths of iron pipe poked out of the soil from a long forgotten goldfish pond .
satan whistled and nodded his head , trying to act impressed about the hunk of brown steel and wood paneling with the words the beast scrolled onto its rear bumper that mr. plough had given a place of honor in his yard , between the hideously nightmarish pipe smoking lawn gnomes and pink flamingos that lined the driveway .
in fact , my mother loved to tell the story about one particularly bad night when it seemed as if every pipe in the building decided to malfunction at the same time .
jennifer exhaled deeply , like a steam pipe opening to relieve pressure .
and he was holding a pipe in one had , one of those corncob jobs that popeye likes .
a pipe band , of course .
the egg turned to reveal a man sized penguin smoking a pipe and drinking a cup of something warm .
the heroes scuttled forward to hide behind an industrial sized horizontal pipe .
uncle reefer ruffles yo-yo 's dusty-copper hair , the mop that had earned him the nickname duracell in his first days at gillworthy , and puffs on his pipe .
''chutter chutter , '' says reefer 's pipe .
uncle reefer had pushed him round the garden in a silence broken only by the winnowing of his pipe and aunty latch 's occasional snippets of gossip .
uncle reefer puffs on his pipe .
''he 's a collector , '' chuffs the pipe .
the pipe had puttered .
''i just hope the defence can hold it together this season , '' putters the pipe .
a pie hits miyumi who recites ''the rain in spain falls mainly in the plain '' in flawless english a pie hits jungle-juiced jake who gives up the booze and the lions and starts running marathons a pie hits reefer whose pipe expires with a winnowing whimper .
''let 's take a breather , '' suggests the pink panther , grousing when he finds his pipe tobacco 's gone damp .
the pink panther 's pipe sputters once and dies out as he heads stoically for the beach .
water from a fractured pipe was surging into the sky .
as he accepted the offer from babs of the crack pipe , which was so long and thin it could have doubled as a rapier in the final fight twixt laertes and hamlet , he remembered the hashish parlors , paan-sellers and opium dens .
several of his life narrators were insisting upon action , like schoolyard bullies cultivating machismo and seeking momentary conquest , and his new look inspired some such party-seeking voices to pipe up that he should at least unveil his new hairless body to a lovely young masseuse first .
it was a crisp morning , but the factory exhaust pipe had again kept timmy warm through the night .
no longer would they be forced to cozy up to an odorous exhaust pipe .
sir snoots , do you still have contacts at the southrump fine fellows club for cockfighting and pipe smoking ?
without looking down , timmy leapt from the pipe to the window ledge .
he reached over and tapped out the contents of the pipe into jacks garbage can .
a virtual chat room needs a far larger pipe to carry all that bandwidth , not to mention more security to protect it .
all of the bombs were fake except the last one , which was actually a pipe bomb filled with fuel-oil-fertilizer explosive mixture .
when billy had built his first improvised pipe bomb , his parents had given him a wifi-enabled laptop so he could find more efficient designs on the internet .
as larrys jeep struggled to the top of the ridge , he heard first the shriek of a rat , then a low grumbling engine noise , and finally an almighty backfire that blasted its way into the clearing , the scalded creature being expelled out the exhaust pipe with remarkable trajectory .
`` now , it seems to me , '' froggy said thoughtfully while pulling a pipe and lighter from his jacket pocket , `` that old man o'toole 's fervor for numerology peaked just as the school 's supervision was transferred to yalemouth on rye . ''
froggy attempted a draw on his pipe yet had the misfortune , stemming from my outburst , to blow instead , creating a vesuvius-like eruption of sparks and smoke between us .
it was a cinch moeziz would continue running in the opposite direction and , instead of following him through the building proper , i nearly impaled myself on a vent pipe while trotting to the far end of the rooftop .
he swung off the bed over to the windowsill where his homemade pipe hid behind the curtains .
this is not a pipe , said erwan , holding it up as if it were a tribute to the gods .
the whole staff had been there , including millar , very early on a bright sunny saturday morning to find that the maintenance fitters were already swarming all over the plant , tearing at its vitals with the inevitable stillsons , peeling little shiny brass flakes from the pipe fittings as they disconnected and rejoined the numerous rubber hoses .
`` the pipe burst all over me .
there was a satisfying sound of machinery doing its duty and compound flowed smoothly down the filling pipe and into the mould .
dave had stood up carefully and was about to approach it when the first of the mould clamps yielded to the mounting internal pressure and with a loud 'bang ' the butterfly nut and its bolt hurtled across the pilot plant , ricochetting off a pipe past a row of white executive faces and losing itself in a corner .
at exactly 0900 hours the following morning , grey accompanied by dave , knocked on the door of folklore 's old office and entered to find mr mellow seated behind folklore 's old desk , sucking ruminantly at an unlit pipe .
mellow raised his eyebrows and sucked thoughtfully at his pipe .
mellow put a match to his pipe and produced a fair imitation of the 'coronation scot steaming out of euston ' before asking dave to leave so that he could discuss something personal with grey .
he came upon him in the act of dropping a length of steel pipe into the feed hole .
his umbrella and a steel pipe were there .
she asked , looking at the pipe .
ken realized that all she had done was take a large step forward , and smacked the tip of his pipe with her saber .
ken fetched the pipe and started walking back to the house .
ken fetched the pipe he used during his embarrassing face-off with cassandra , and brought it back .
ken thought back to the back yard many days prior , and the humiliating display of the pipe getting knocked out of his hands .
she was propped up against kens car , watching ken swing his pipe as practice strikes .
ken looked at his pipe , then at silver .
the pipe he was holding was about that length .
the way he held the weapon was now different : he held the pipe with the longer end resting under his forearm .
he pulled the pipe up , holding it over his right shoulder , and extended his left hand forward .
he spun around , going down into a crouch and extending his arm with pipe up toward her head .
silver dropped the pipe , sunk down to his knees , and then sat down on his rear .
he swung the pipe , and silver dodged it .
ken took the opportunity to brandish his pipe , and cassandra unsheathed her blade .
he halted and did some more running on the spot while the figure puffed quietly on a pipe and watched him .
asked george as he straightened up to take his pipe from the pocket of his old coat .
george put his hands in his pockets and stood back to puff on his pipe .
i simply felt like a quiet pipe and clarence turns the house upside down .
he took out his pipe and began to fill it .
this is mr masons cart , an old man smoking a pipe got down to hand the reins to dickie , ive hired it for the day , i want you to put everything in it and take it out to clarkes farm , he has an incinerator and will burn the lot .
one of the men stood with his hands in his pockets smoking a pipe , they all looked in the direction he was looking .
the hunter seemed perfectly at ease as he leaned over and grabbed a small flaming stick from the fire , bringing it up to fire up his pipe .
the woodsman sighed and relaxed into his chair , puffing his pipe .
another voice called out ; spewing forth like a burst pipe .
just pipe down will you ?
a hose pipe dangled indifferently at one end of the pool , and by the metal steps was a grey cable , an electrical cable , one of those that ambrose was using to install the pool lights .
giacomo skulked off to his mistress , and annette got a big pipe wrench out , applied it to the wobbly joints on the hitachi espresso machine , and suddenly the pressure gage went through the roof .
i might have missed it , but at that moment the pipe kicked in and i noticed traces of a strobe light still dancing between the oats that made up the base .
immediately when i came to back in my bed at the dingy hostel i filled my pipe with a mixture of herbs and shrooms , lit him up and offered him to the four directions .
he pointed to my hand where i had forgotten my imaginary pipe .
i took a strong but very respectful stance , and offered her the pipe .
*** the casebook of geeza vermies we caught a shuttle to paris before checking onto a flight bound for houston - another bloody non-smoker , so i struck up my pipe in the smoking room of the departure lounge for my last good toke for the next ten hours or more .
did it go down the wrong pipe ?
chapter eleven a doctors report on the local butcher to find ones goldfish dead in its bowl can be a traumatic experience , but to find ones goldfish in front of ones television smoking a clay pipe and humming along to edward elgar sounds more like someones cogs are on the move .
she came over to speak to jess and i heard them discussing fake tans while i was talking to a customer about their claim for a burst pipe .
outside the pub , a farmer was leaning up against a cart smoking a pipe while his horse quenched its thirst in a stone horse-trough .
laying down his pipe , he collected them together and took foxys proffered half crown .
hawker waved his pipe it was a standing joke in scotland yard that he was an avid fan of sherlock holmes .
hawker clamped his pipe firmly back in his mouth , and growled , come on , brightwell .
he looked like a broomstick with pipe cleaners for arms and legs .
the whole band thing was a pipe dream , and i am now living in dead end street , having given up on my education .
wearing an imaginary deerstalker and puffing on an imaginary pipe , i deduce that mrs. moretti 's daughter is the cousin with whom sofia stays when she visits the area .
but you know how it is when you drive an older vehicle for the first time for any distance , you always worry whether there will be a water pipe that wont take the sustained pressure , or something like that .
abe scooted back a bit and stuck his head out through the gap in the pipe sections .
he dragged him back inside the pipe and began blowing in his face .
abe bent down and entered the pipe to gather their belongings while shorty tightened the laces on his black tennis shoes -- a ritual with him in preparation for the de-boarding .
well , well just be fixin that , he said with a snicker , and attempted to stuff the wad into the end of the pipe .
when he figured it was about to land on the end of the pipe he clinked the bottom of a bottle on the pavement .
when shorty heard the clinking sound he moved as quickly as he could to line the stick up with the pipe .
he asked , and looked down to check the pipe .
black smoke billowed out of the tail pipe .
a guy in an overly starched dress shirt , buzz cut , black-rimmed glasses and with a pipe jammed between his teeth is up at the screen and calls out , `` stop ! ''
i knew it was him , and i was freaking out ; ordinarily the old man obeyed the call of his pipe and his drafting table heaped with building plans , mechanical pencils , and plastic templates of teeny little toilets .
it was a clever thing , put together on an old flatbed that had been modified with some pipe rails for supports .
with a mouthful of danish decadence , i heard some water rush through some hidden pipe , telling me that the guest room shower just went on .
james offered gary a hit of weed from his pipe , which gary declined .
for a steal gordy bought large , professorial eyeglasses with thick reddish-brown frames , a boldly dark cherry-wood pipe that he scrubbed clean in the washing cell , and a rubberized tan raincoat like world-weary british spies wore a mackintosh , they called it .
gordy gazed about the long hall and nodded and smiled at his comrades , waving his pipe , and the good scholars eyes darted and they buried their heads in their work .
he pulled the pipe from his mouth .
gordy wiped the pipe on his jeans .
he killed the time by moving the pipe around in his mouth .
in rapid succession hablibi removed from his bag a set of imitation bone handled steak knives , a ball of waxed twine one sixty-fourth of an inch thick , a length of three inch diameter pvc pipe with a canister of propane and a small sack of potatoes , and a bag of plastic straws with a package of large sewing needles .
somewhere below a water pipe had broken .
needless to say , as soon as i could i went back up to the top end and held the gas and air pipe for alison .
i was glad when alison started screaming at me to get that useless fucking pipe out of her face .
there was a tunnel made of a large corrugated iron pipe and covered in sand , mounded up several feet high so that it would be difficult to climb over .
no doubt at all , dr. hendricks replied and clamped a pipe between his sharp teeth , lit it and leaned back in his creaking wooden chair .
asked dr. hendricks , sitting next to julianna , around his pipe .
asked sir jeffery lighting a pipe .
you know , i dont know the last time i felt so content with my life , commented dr. hendricks lighting his pipe .
i think its quite clever , mused hendricks over his pipe .
the pipe ended at some sort of contraption .
her sister 's chain was attached to a thin metal pipe .
don pointed to the broken table , chair , and burst pipe .
and somehow , i 've never gotten to throw a huge pipe through someones chest , have it come out his back and into a metal furnace , so steam literally is coming out of the guy so i can say , let off some steam , bennett .
your mother had a terrible time giving up the crack pipe , didnt you , hone ?
we 'd taken part in the great drainage pipe hunt .
i 'd wondered what type of ghosts would inhabit a car , breathing life into dried out engines , blowing streams of psychic energy up the exhaust pipe .
they slotted the big bucket back into its holder at the end of the pipe and then spoke about their families for ages .
he smoked the pipe too much , he always opened his mouth and said something .
she couldnt remember what happened next , but shed woken to immense pain in her leg and found that she was impaled on the ventilation pipe .
he moved his eyes from the fireplace to the table beside him and tapped out his pipe .
the smell of the air from the countryside began to change from grass to pines , and when it seemed like they had been driving for an hour white felt would explode if he did not pipe up one more time .
he rummaged through it and produced a foul-looking pipe .
cried the dwarf , nearly swallowing his pipe .
a meek , thin , man , short , with pointed nose and thick eyebrows , dressed in brown overalls and matching ups cap , carrying a large , adjustable pipe wrench painted red on his shoulder , approached the elevator and hit the landing call station with indicator several times .
evans is apparently actively sought by the centers elevator repairman , a man owning a red pipe wrench .
in order to make one stand up on its own , he has to attach a hook to her back and hang her from a pipe or a gate , but in a natural-looking way .
he kept the hammer , handed the piece of wood to the non-descript guy , and the pipe to the fat man .
then he vanished in a puff of smoke , leaving his pipe , his notes on flaubert , and a half-eaten baguette .
wrong pipe or whatever , '' i pointed to my watermelon martini , then finger aimed at his coors light , `` refill ? ''
an american secret service agent would never smoke fish and chips in his pipe .
`` the rust is toxic to plants -- and people for that matter , '' our hero replied , tapping the pipe in his hand to test its weight .
`` something inspiring , like this : 'because drainage is so vital to railroad right-of-ways , the handling and hauling of big pipe , or culvert sections is playing an increasingly important part in model train operations . ' ''
spon picked up his thinking pipe and turned gently in his chair .
spon pointed from his stunned frame towards an errant pipe .
newton whipped out a pipe and looked out to the horizon .
reason whipped out his pipe .
he was smoking a pipe , wearing a cardigan and pressed trousers with bedroom slippers .
you got some hurt coming down the pipe .
wait , i need me a pipe .
not this kind of pipe .
with a last yearning glance at the mystery , which was at the point where the inspector gathers the suspects in the drawing room , lights his pipe and says , 'now all shall be revealed !
`` this market gardening venture wo n't succeed unless i build a greenhouse and pipe in a reliable source of water .
there were dozens of potted plants , a cappuccino machine , souvenirs from the 1957 world series , three tins of erinmore pipe tobacco , a complete set of tiny mother goose figurines from the red rose tea collection , and a huge , signed portrait of carl barks .
liz and i always shared a room , of course , while jake stayed in a single , and cuddled up with some gin and his pipe dreams .
a brown pipe was stuck in the centre of his letter box mouth , grey fumes curling ceilingwards past his brylcreemed , black ( and probably dyed ) hair .
this means that , per head of population ... '' `` you have a busy day tomorrow , '' mr jambres stabbed the air with the stem of his pipe .
a chuttering noise came from the pipe .
the pipe gave a puff of triumph .
mr jambres crammed shreds of tobacco into the bowl of his pipe with a square yellow thumb .
mr jambres puffed contentedly on his pipe .
jarrah jambres even removed his pipe and wafted away its sweet-smelling , black-cherry clouds .
it was empty , but there was a door on the other side , and i could hear a pipe dripping somewhere .
with the pipe and lighter still in his hands , he held it there as long as he could before exhaling a heavy white cloud across the room .
he laughed loudly again a moment later , spraying a stream of white mist out of his mouth , as he passed the pipe over to pierce and said , that guy is a riot .
yeah , he was pretty pissed about it at the time , randolph said , finishing up and raising the pipe to his lips again .
tom nodded and handed him the pipe .
from the cabin , the captain waved silently to the bearded man , lighted his pipe and shook out a newspaper to read .
for the love of god the builder , pipe down !
averys mother spent her nights typing her pipe dreams into an old word processor , sure her days of being a famous author were just around the corner .
we went upstairs and justin began loading the salvia into a pipe .
i packed them into my pipe but they wouldnt spark .
he put the heroin in the glass pipe and lit it from underneath , inhaling .
i sucked a cigarette on the balcony and justin laid on the couch smoking out of a glass pipe .
this night found them walking to the edge of a forest of psychedelic firs , in which there was a drainage pipe .
but lo , and behold if you should also be so inclined to do so , they realized the instant they left the pipe that anything had happened for when they reach the edge , they realized they were on the edge of a precipice , so high that they could not see the ground below them .
that pipe definitely isnt in the same place it was when we fell asleep .
im not sure where it is in relation to that world you come from , but that drainage pipe is the only way to get here , and that operates solely on chance .
the only gas we can use is the stuff left in the pipe and in range of the glove .
this string was like a westminster dogshow winner lifting its leg on the podium , or a centerfold minus the airbrush , or mario crashing his kart when the checkered flag flew , or a seed in a well-packed pipe .
he closes the pipe back up , literally throws his tools into a plastic bucket that is as distressed as his pants and sweatshirt and his eyes become stuck to a plate of the cookies i bought at the bakery this morning .
i dont have any papers or a pipe .
she continued to advance toward him with a sinister grin on her face , holding the pipe in both hands like a baseball bat .
she hissed maniacally as the pipe glanced off bobs shoulder .
he hurriedly tried to get them back on securely , but danielle threw down the shattered pipe and grabbed the glasses off his face .
shes going to kill me for chasing this pipe dream !
chapter five a figure appeared out of thin air , an older man smoking a pipe and bald with just a little gray hair on both temples .
he took a puff from his pipe .
emmas grandfather sat at his desk puffing on his pipe .
albert lit his pipe and took a big drag , staring at emma as if she were the one from another planet ordering a blue kitten .
albert pulled his pipe out of his sweater pocket .
thats a great attitude , albert said as he rested his pipe in the ashtray , because its obvious to all of us that even though you didnt learn the wisdom you probably had intended to , youre learning it now .
albert opened the leather pouch pulled out a wad of tobacco and stuffed it into the pipe bowl .
i adored daisy mae , from the lil abner cartoon strip in the daily paper ; and moonbeam mcswine was even more entrancing , with her foaming black hair , corncob pipe and patches of grime on her face , arms and legs .
he had foam insulation covering them and had added additional protection by wrapping them with electrical pads that turned on when the temperature went below thirty-two degrees , but with the electricity off there was a definite danger of a frozen pipe bursting .
ill take a look at the pipe now .
i dont imagine you have anything to heat a pipe with , do you ?
when lowell came back up he suggested she get her man to put insulation and electrical heating pads around the pipe .
i cant thaw a frozen pipe in his case .
sounding like a grand pipe organ , the ship 's horn blasts three short and one long peal of triumph .
deep down like looking down the irrigation pipe to the bottom of the well .
well , rolandjason was looking the stove all over , making surenow we haul the little beauty over next the chimney and put in a stove pipe .
lloyd didn=t understand why someone would want to spend hours bent over the engine of a greasy car and letting the oil out of the carburetor or the manifold or wherever the oil went , and clanging away at the mangilating hulifax pipe credenzil when you could just pay someone to do it .
he found the matches he was looking for and lit his pipe , already packed with tobacco .
it had just occurred to him that the churchs modernist architecture was designed to suggest a giant pipe organ , making the steps he was sitting on the keyboard , but he didnt pursue the thought .
after placing the boards on the pipe , our drivers rolled the cars to the closed side of the road like professional stuntmen .
he stopped working and picked up a metal pipe from a counter behind him .
a dozen of them were sitting in the lotus position passing a hash pipe .
she took both ruby and the pipe with her .
the pipe had dropped into his hand like a talisman .
cheap tobacco-smoke pouring from the bowl of my pipe , like effluvium from the stack of an ancient train , i steamed across to the park .
my harry smoked a pipe for forty years and ive missed it , she added wistfully .
or a truckload of plywood , studs , nails , wire , insulation and pvc pipe crashes and produces a house .
he grabbed onto a pipe , cold in his hands , and used it to climb , jamming the flashlight between his belt and pants .
no half pipe that night .
she finished the bowl and set the pipe down on the floor .
the bumping seemed to be coming from behind the organ where the pipe from the bellows room was connected .
rainfall begins to be audible , like a slow drip from a leaking pipe , like partially held-back tears .
for one thing , the edge of the gutter was much sharper than the steel pipe of the swing frame .
it sort of sounds like someone trying to play a pipe organ made out of wood and cheese cloth , but theres no rhythm , no melody , theres nothing musical to it .
its not your own power exactly , youre more like the pipe or the conduit .
but in this instance , he appeared in his time-honored smoking jacket with an equally identifiable long pipe of black tobacco smoldering in front of his visage .
holmes inhaled pensively on his pipe , releasing a plum of blue smoke into the stairwell .
holmes puffed on his long pipe with a dignified manner before stating , not likely .
if not for the smoke , an amber glow emanating from his corncob pipe mightve been mistaken for the largest lightning bug to ever flit within this sylvan backdrop .
by now , huck had repositioned himself along the rivers banks to reclaim his pipe that he mistakenly dropped in a wet patch of soil moments ago .
grab a hick neighbor with a gun collection , or get some kid from the poli-sci department at the local community college and put a pipe bomb in his hand .
inside , my legs were crossed and my chin could rest on the lowest pipe .
ryan wasnt the only kid battling urges , my knuckles were white around the overhead pipe .
the guy pronounced boom shanka in an experienced manner when someone shared a pipe of manali hash .
they went through the boom shanka chants and held the smoking pipe up in front of them , as if offering it , before they smoked .
the opium pipe , rubbed smooth by use , had a glass bowl stained yellowish brown and a long , dark , wooden stem .
as he rolled the stick around the inside of the bowl , all she had to do was lay still , steady the pipe with one hand and inhale .
i elicited the only reaction from any of the chinese that night as the two old men smiled with the teenager when i got a good enough hit to burn one whole pipe without pausing for breath .
i finished my pipe , joyce inspected the vial of white powder and tasted it .
sure as heck that bastard was clogging the pipe , along with a shitload of hair , and not far from it was the little foil package it came in .
from a kit in the glove box she sorts out some gadgets and stuffs a brass pipe with a pinch of marijuana .
he catches wyatt in a level gaze and taps the cinders out of his pipe .
i pulled the rag away from the burning patch of floor above the exhaust pipe and held it over my nose and mouth .
that night , i moved the camp bed away from the wall , spread the blanket on the bare floorboards and lay with my head next to the heating pipe .
i lit a candle and a cigarette and lay with my ear to the pipe , feeling as though i were worthless .
once back in my room i let the guard chain me to the pipe , settling on my camp bed with a show of outward serenity .
his hands grazed the bag containing his worn , wooden pipe .
this pipe is a family heirloom .
father mumbled in his sleep , grasping the pipe tightly .
i wish i had fathers pipe .
sticking out my tongue in disgust , i noted , taking the pipe .
lets have a few fire-breathers , the trumpets , ill play the pipe , and lets seewhy we dont have the balancers too ?
within the bag rested fathers precious pipe .
my fathers old pipe could fix my poor mood .
still , i had father 's pipe .
in the action of putting the pipe in the bag , i withdrew a little bag of flour and sprayed it over .
still wearing the leather khakis bound at the shin , i stepped out on the rope , putting fathers pipe to my lips .
attached to the hole is a steel pipe six feet long !
he had a long gold chain with bmw hood drooped around his neck and a smoldering a corn cob pipe clinched between his lips .
she heard a water pipe cough , or stutter is how she thought of it , in the apartment below .
raju inquired as he sat back in his rocking chair with his pipe .
raju barked back , holding his pipe .
a rodent scurried up and stole one of the flowers just as the untouchable boy cracked through the water pipe .
soon , the dance halls were packed with the trust-fund society kids : these dowry daddy-os and bob-haired baby dolls , strutting their limbs to spastic extremes to the rhythms of the drippy juice pipe , the ball-jangle , and the ever-popular mammary mambo .
arbuthnoir stoked his pipe , blew out a cloud of smoke , and asked , after the trader was killed was that when the soldiers attacked the village ?
he would sit at a discreet distance , puffing on his pipe , occasionally writing in a thick notebook .
i liked the smell of his pipe , the deep voice near my ear , the feeling that i was with someone outside of the family who liked me , trusted me , and approved of me .
arbuthnoir pointed at the carving with his pipe and spluttered , the look on his face , that nose what a caricature !
arbuthnoir grinned and pointed his pipe , observing , not to mention your carvings .
with his pipe held in mid-air , he said , well see more of it , mark my words .
ive been trying to give up smoking for forty years and i always find myself puffing on my pipe again .
he puffed on his pipe .
arbuthnoir puffed on his pipe thoughtfully .
* * * trent and chris started next to the rock wall , perched on the talus slope , driving their first post into the rocky soil with a pounder made from a length of pipe with one capped end and handles welded to the sides .
none of them were laughing , but an elderly gentleman with a white mustache and a pipe billowing smoke above him looked at her and smiled .
julia was terrified as they all turned in silence to look at her , waiting patiently with cigarette and pipe smoke and upturned glasses of dark red wine .
~ shafts of light from breaches in a ceiling ; blue sky and trees visible through the ribs of beams ; plaster peeling like small sails off walls ; a patient drip from a pipe feeding an orange gown of mildew on the floor ~ and even though i thought i was molding this personage that i would inhabit , i allowed myself ... .
the voice on the other end of the line was muffled like a person shouting through an echoing pipe .
there is a man in a silk bathrobe with a pipe clutched in the corner of his mouth , smoke spilling from beneath his waxed mustache .
the next pipe went in quietly .
he fires a bewildered glance at steve whos leaning against the cell grate , at rest in an observers pose , arms folded , almost like a professorlacking a smoking pipe !
making a pipe bomb is surprisingly simple .
out of habit he tapped the pipe bowl on his boot heel .
aright lad , slip that into the pipe .
@ called the carter pausing from sucking on a clay pipe .
@ the abbott turned to one of the monks who stood near to a hand-wheel set into a lead pipe , aflood the chamber .
something just went down the wrong pipe .
dr. evans sucks meditatively on his pipe .
everyone in the room has turned to watch , except amy whos glaring at me and dr. evans , whos fussing with his pipe .
andrew steps forward , looking professorial with a pipe in his mouth .
dr. evans stops messing with his pipe .
you need a pipe , i suggest , to complete the effect .
~ ~ ~ friday , april 14 the reporter from the commercial appeal appraises jenny tysons law office , from the shelves of legal reference books , to the scarred oak desk where an avuncular dr. evans sits smoking his pipe in a seersucker suit , to the glass door that leads onto the porch above sneeds hardware and a panorama of the square at mid-day .
dr. evans is back in his office once more , riveted to a typescript that hes editing , his pipe jutted jauntily like one of franklin roosevelts cigarettes .
he swivels back in his chair , sets the pipe in his ashtray and gestures for me to take a seat .
in between savage bites , he sharpened his eyeteeth with his hardened fingernails and puffed at his herb-filled pipe .
moishe wore a headdress and a smile as he smoked a narrow pipe , lines cut into his face to form an aureole around his eyes , relaying an impression of permanent happiness .
feeling high , leon passed the pipe to alma .
leon 's ideals of peace and fortune were so childish to kane- they were pipe dreams , impossible in the immitigable orb of earth .
cement , plaster , some plumbing fixtures , some pipe , and so on .
i rigged a pipe into the house from a spring up yonder , he said pointing up the slope .
worried about the smells i smelled , and the small glass pipe that my aunt tucked away under a pillow when i glanced at it .
it tasted like i should have been smoking a pipe and wearing silk .
desire set down his organ and relit his pipe , holding the flame up for harry to see .
harry gently replaced the pipe deep within the folds of the small sack upon its bed of finely chopped possibility and shredded expectation .
removing the small pipe , he stuffed it with the smoking mixture and handed it over to random cause .
the pipe was passed back and forth as harry spoke .
he handed the pipe back to harry .
random stood , after handing harry the pipe , and began to move gracefully about the dimly lit room as if in a trance , using grand expansive gestures like an actor on a stage performing for an unseen audience .
he slowly cleaned his pipe and looked up from time to time at harry standing brightly on the fourth step .
for the first time , harry consciously noted the small , clear glass pipe that the old man had been holding in his hand .
as the wizard touched flame to pipe , he leaned back comfortably in his chair and lifted his feet up onto the table , motioning for harry to do the same .
he ran with nothing but his pipe and his pouch and his red wooden flute .
everyone should be able to tell a claptrap lawyer to pipe down at least once in their lives .
he picked up his pipe and pointed it at her .
he scrutinized me for an uncomfortably long time , an elaborately carved pipe protruding from the left side of his mouth .
he tapped me on the shoulder a couple times with his pipe .
lyle pointed at adam with his pipe , and smiled , as if about to impart a piece of secret wisdom .
he held out his pipe , regarding it as if under a hypnotic spell .
lyle half-grinned as he clenched his pipe in his mouth and refilled adams glass as well .
he asked , jabbing his pipe towards me .
a roaring fire popped merrily on the hearth , sparks skittling across the wooden floor , and sweet pipe smoke floated dreamily through the room and to the ceiling .
it seems like there was a pipe .
i grasped the long , bamboo pipe .
somewhere inside of me something cracked like a pipe and was leaking hot steam .
no i swept the roads and smoked my pipe through rain , hail and snow .
he gestured at me with his pipe .
richards in the fifteen , graham would announce to visitors , his pipe held aloft , its blue smoke curling away towards the ceiling .
bots stood , and was almost tall enough to hit his head on a metal pipe hanging a foot below the ceiling .
i climbed down the edge of the waterway and walked into the mouth of the pipe .
the arms are actually pipe cleaners wrapped in cotton wool and covered with scraps of material and the hands are just bits of cardboard stuck to the ends of the arms .
these courtly dames and plumed cavaliers would discuss dreams of disillusioned lovers , recite romances of the troubadors , and enact arcadian fantasies , making love in pastoral fashion , with pipe and lute .
some pipe or other needs fixing its flooded my bathroom and the downstairs office .
forensics will be along to fingerprint the place which might explain that and why the pipe burst .
what if youd found the door locked this morning you said dwight claimed the pipe would have burst anyway ?
these the guys that burst your pipe ?
at first he thought it was a lead pipe , but the sound made him change his mind : it was a baseball bat , the dull thud of wood and the lack of vibration gave it away .
with a spontaneous outburst of clapping , cheering and waving , and a bit of smoke trailing out the exhaust pipe , mother and son departed .
sam , stop your confounded pipe , or i shall be after you . ''
i just tried to stifle my cough as he blew heavy swirling pipe smoke into the light .
there was one lone bomber left , one of its engines sputtering and coughing like an old man choking on his pipe .
he stood up straight and banged the embers and ash from his pipe against the side of the metal fold up chair .
collin walked over to a rusted pipe jutting out of the earth .
tim slithered to the perilous drawer , extracted the merchandise and a held out a plastic mini-water pipe .
he toked on the pipe .
kim fell backward , the pipe still locked onto her hands and feet .
she positioned the pipe under it and slid the drawer out to the stops .
then i notice a section of discarded drain pipe behind the next dumpster .
i can make out its shape , tensing its muscles and hunkering down further against the pipe .
i repeat the process of stepping and waiting and stepping and waiting over and over again until i am in front of the pipe .
he watches me as i retrieve my bag , and unzip it , and place another head inside of the empty pipe .
he delicately held his favorite meerschaum pipe in his left hand , leaving his right hand to gesture as he talked .
smoke from his pipe enveloped the room with its pleasant and exotic smell .
yes , but its really more of a pipe dream .
my client who , lets be clear from the start , wishes to remain anonymous , thinks your pipe dream bakery plans , as you call them , could really turn into a profitable venture .
only the fat meadow farmer stood imperiously in the gateway to his stately house and smoked in the sweat of his brow from the bowl of his large meerschaum pipe .
and your rain maiden is a haunted thing , a pipe dream , a nothing !
* * * * try this shit , its fucking amazing , jane said , shoving a pipe with some unknown substance in my face .
she stole glances and subtle touches with her husband , david , in the hallways of the lodge , his heavy maintenance belt jangling as he lumbered down the halls between repairing a door hinge and draining a clogged pipe .
running through the trees over brad 's head , was an elaborate galvanized iron pipe system .
so child stardom was definitely a pipe dream .
well , that first night , at the last bar , the aptly named tunnel bar - which has the diameter of a city sewer pipe , though considerably much more charm - tracy runs into a pair of her girlfriends and with a hug and a wave , she splits .
though he and james had been clowning around with pipe bombs since their early teens , for instance , these were always instruments of entertainment , and never anything more .
is this a crazy pipe dream that is not going to work no matter how cleverly you arrange the numbers ?
there was no cardigan-wearing , pipe smoking , and mustachioed , grand-fatherly professor that ive seen around campus .
she picked up what looked to be an extra , or scrap , piece of the galvanized pipe fittings .
chapter 4 the snore that came from her mouth is what woke her , at least thats what she tried to convince herself as she napped beside the pipe , which seemed to be the safest place shed found this night .
he was behaving amiably , and trying to get himself into easy domestication with his children entering into mirahs music , showing himself docile about smoking , and walking out in the square with his pipe and the tobacco which mirah gave him .
maybe he associated smoking a pipe with quiet contemplation , which is what he himself was attempting .
all ladders to the first floor platform had been removed , so he jumped as high as he could and managed to grab a pipe at platform level .
he pointed towards the pair of us with his pipe , before putting it back between his lips , lighting a match and puffing away .
as i stared it sat up , then slowly through the different shades of black a hand moved up to the outline of a head , and a pink pipe appeared in its mouth .
who did i know who smoked a pipe ?
the old man with the pipe was back .
i looked around once more to check if pipe man had gone .
he could smell his fathers stale pipe smoke rustling off into his clothes all the way to school .
he would always lean under the table , sure to keep his pipe upright , and say with smoke pouring out of his mouth ; sorry about that , just a casualty of war , i suppose , and they would both laugh .
itll be wonderful to have you around all the time , getting in my way , worrying about time , stinking up my house with your pipe .
it might have appeared he was holding a red-hot pipe .
the frowsy man cranked the lever again like an organ pipe .
moxie has the pipe .
wolf stuffs his pipe , which is a marvel of carvin and decoratin , and lights up our evening medcine .
after a fine meal and another pipe we open our tarps and crawl into our bedrolls , with a nice bed of coals and a few big logs at hand to keep us warm til morning .
all good things , horse , buffalo , sheep , cow , goat , make injin strong , corrects coati , taking the proffered pipe .
still soakin in the hot springs and stokin up another pipe , spud and wolf have far away looks in their eyes wolf asks , im sittin here right in front of ya .
the din was like a drunk cathedral pipe organist falling all over the keysbut no perfectly crafted harmony sung by the finest choir in the land could be as impressive as this .
feeling uneasy with childs behind me , i led him to prentice 's quarters where i found his old pipe sitting on the windowsill .
and for these reasons engineers are much preoccupied with schemes for giving to mesopotamia direct access by pipe and railways to a mediterranean port .
he found a metal pipe to lever back the rock which to his eyes looked artificially placed .
after class i went home , opened my dresser drawer , and took out the tea tin where i kept my pot but there was nothing left aside from a few stems that i promptly shoved into my pipe and lit up .
he had a glass pipe , a lighter , and a bag of earthy looking dust .
he put the pipe on the table and sank down on the coach , lifelessly .
cal , his yellowish gray hair sticking out , inhaled his sweet-smelling pipe tobacco mixture .
he lowered his chair so that all four feet were on the ground and pointed at her with the bowl of his pipe .
he rapped his pipe on the edge of the table .
calcallicrates , dane corrected himselfmade a production of tapping out his pipe on a plate beside his elbow .
tudor puffed silently at his clay pipe .
he had placed a tall black hat like a stove pipe on the arms of his chair and his paws were clasping a mug of tea .
a relatively elderly gibbon sat in a leather chair wearing a tweed jacket , smoking a pipe and reading a large book .
well , yes , admitted beta , standing by the side of a large globe of the world while the gibbon took another puff from his hooked pipe .
he put down his pipe and stared into his beer mug and took a deep breath .
he stooped to pick up his pipe , but instead leaned heavily against the table .
the good doctor filled the pipe , slowly , and they waited impatiently for him to continue .
he watched the long spiral of smoke rise from the pipe and leaned back in his chair .
he took another draw from his pipe and they all took a quick swig of beer .
doc smiled and took another drag on his pipe .
doc stopping frequently to catch his breath , then dropped his pipe and leaned heavily on the table .
when saul shulom left the bar , clutching the pipe , doc was nowhere to be found .
the old man was puffing on a short stubby pipe , thin wisps of white hair sticking out from beneath a baseball cap .
he put down the calculator and grabbed his pipe .
he pulled his pipe from his mouth and spat on the ground .
he lit his pipe and thought about the last week of classes .
uncle kite would sit awhile and puff his pipe .
his pipe was stuck right up against the window and his nose was pressed flat and he was grinning .
muddy spoke the single word with force enough to stun a bull , like a lead pipe across its brow .
he pulled up on the link to disengage the knuckles before jamming the pinched end of the pipe into the joint to keep the knuckles open , hopefully .
shall i pipe it through ?
he 's trying to set a siphon pipe in the tall grass .
i feel like i have to do something for him , but when i try to help set the pipe , he turns his back on me and walks on to the pickup .
not much to it , just piles of old used lumber , tangles of bailing wire , broken sections of cement pipe , pieces of old buildings .
wrong pipe , she said in a scratchy voice as the final coughs sounded off .
they continued to swim for a ways before the pipe made a turn and they were heading upward .
he rose from his chair , pipe in hand .
only if youre close to the tail pipe .
even in the dim light afforded by the reflection off the water in the 24 inch culvert pipe he could see a series of deep scrapes and shiny bare metal in the paint on the side of the bomb .
after they passed the village a better view of the dredge filled paddies and fields where a huge 36 inch steel pipe ran from the bay into the center of the latest filled spot of desecration .
it was mr barnes with his pipe ; mrs prince accompanied him .
peter hubbard shook his head and nervously twisted the bowl of his unlit pipe .
taking the pipe from his mouth , he returned to his chair .
peter hubbard slid back in the chair and returned the pipe to the corner of his mouth , satisfied he had set tony straight .
peter hubbard let out a sigh , took the pipe from his shirt pocket and placed the stem back in the corner of his mouth .
there was a crater close to where her house had been and flame was shooting up twenty feet in the air from the end of a pipe .
the fire coming from the pipe stopped .
i guesstimated the price of pipe too .
taking the goblins right outta the pipe , you might say . ''
`` no , he 's scared , the same man said , relighting his pipe with a kitchen match .
`` i 'm jim barstein , the younger man said , leaning back in his chair , resettling his pipe .
to fix a pipe one should always call a plumber . ''
everyone watched the grease laden roughnecks lift the last pipe , set it over the well and lock it into place .
when she was finished ken stood up , grabbed a pipe and walked toward a window that overlooked the backyard .
hed smoke his pipe , the sweet tang of tobacco filling my nostrils .
the choir was situated somewhere high above us , at the back of the church , sounding like the proverbial heavenly host , and accompanied by a magnificent pipe organ .
he drove back along long lane and the jamaica road , past the estate some ironist once named paradise street , through the grubby little rotherhithe pipe and the yellow bricks of stepney , and then out along the commercial road where hawksmoor jostles with halal fried chicken .
the pipe of the hot tap had a tiny red smear across it , and there were greasy little lines on the tap itself .
why dont you go fuck a hot harley tail pipe !
the tall bastard that kevin had called cota , or carter , had allowed him a quick pipe of crack before they had entered the bank , but the effect was wearing off rapidly .
he was sitting in a folding chair facing me , one of the kind youd use on a fishing trip that is nothing more than a couple of pieces of bent pipe and two swatches of canvas .
abby asked , referring to the sacred pipe .
through the haze i had a vague vision of holmes in her dressing-gown coiled up in an armchair with her black clay pipe between her lips .
he wished he had the lead pipe he had given coach earlier , but he would have to make do .
even if he speaks the tongues of men or of angels , but do not have love , it would be like the smoke coming from the exhaust pipe of this bus that pollutes the roads as it rides will be consumed by the air i am nothing .
she took out two and put the bag and wall and clothes and shoes back where they 'd been , got up and clumsily knocked the chair , tipping the pipe which fell to the floor and broke in half .
she held it gently , like a dead animal , biting her bottom lip , then turned and removed the drywall and put the pipe in the hole and put the drywall back .
everything fell into the black hole of white noise ; whether it was a laugh , or a cry , or a scream , or the tinkling glass of a broken pipe .
i need a pipe .
everybody wants a pipe .
she picked up a triple-chocolate kahlua cupcake and proceeded to pipe a thick base of chocolate buttercream on it .
ivans favorite book of all times was dickens tale of two cities and she would borrow the opening line and pipe it on one of the cakes open pages .
she still smelled the cherry-flavored pipe tobacco that filled the air when kenneth was alive , and she often longed for the love of her life , who had died suddenly of a heart attack twelve years ago .
a pipe over my head gave a sudden hiss of steam , making me jump .
i pulled them off and put my feet up on the warm steam pipe which ran along the floor of the caf .
officious twat , smoking a stinky pipe , and calling you my dear ?
and folks who put me in a passion may find me pipe after another fashion .
he grimaced and grunted as the effort hurt his damaged ribs and the trajectory of the pipe dropped a little as bernie bent at the waist .
the pipe bounced off dale and narrowly missed teri as his grip of her eased .
he led me to a dark and littered room in the back and pushed a chair in my direction , then he pulled out his pipe and began sucking it , dry .
so i went around back and sure enough , the old geezer was there sittin ' on the back porch chewin ' a pipe .
clem pulled his pipe from his jeans and began sucking it .
then he sucked on an empty pipe and grinned .
anyas eyes were inspecting a pipe in the bathroom , searching for the dirt that clung to the edges .
the old man lit the pipe and nodded .
out came a hand tooled leather belt with a brass hashish pipe for a buckle .
an unusual - and uneasy - silence spread through the room , wafting across people 's heads rather like the veil of smoke that had , in less enlightened times but still within christophers memory span , emerged from jock mclean 's pipe in these very premises .
art - drama - table-tennis - badminton - just hanging out with their friends - ' jock made a strange noise through his pipe .
jock mclean sucked on his empty pipe , daring steve to invoke the non-smoking policy of the hotel , and glared alternately at christopher , whom he blamed , somewhat unfairly , for starting the whole thing , and amaryllis , who was sitting shuffling papers and as an outsider would be the automatic scapegoat , should one be needed .
jock 's mouth , open to receive the cold pipe he would suck like a baby 's dummy in moments of boredom or stress , stayed open in startlement .
'it 's too twee , ' said jock mclean , furiously sucking on an empty pipe .
jock stuffed his pipe into his jacket pocket .
blissful pink versus black pus filled sacs that were not only obvious in their disease , but gave off a foul smell besides , have both convinced me that while my gentleman friends may enjoy the pleasures of the pipe , in the interest of a long life i respectfully abstain .
he was deep in the process of trying to light his pipe .
he cut off her voice and began crushing her wind pipe .
her heavy foot on the accelerator sent the engine racing and the black smoke pouring from the tail pipe .
ernie pulled out his pipe and pointed it at nick .
he pulled the pipe from his mouth and rubbed the white whiskers of his jaw .
jamming the pipe back into his mouth , he sat back in his rocker and closed his eyes , a grim expression carved into his face .
ernie jammed the pipe back into his mouth and glared at her , his eyes glassy marbles magnified beneath the lens of his black-rimmed glasses .
he jabbed the pipe into his mouth .
clems exhaust pipe discharged a puff of smoke as the trucks engine jerked to life .
anita held up the pipe .
i belly crawled to the pipe and grasped the spigot .
i pulled myself closer to the pipe and put my cheekbone against it and i looked at her .
oh , we get kids playing with molotov cocktails out in the desert , or the occasional redneck pipe bomb , but nothing like this .
holman cut through the chest bandages and then slowly inserted the cannula , a hollow metal pipe with a cutting edge , between eyran 's ribs and into his left lung .
holman looked anxiously between the cannula pipe and the pump .
throughout the first fourteen years of his practice , he 'd smoked a pipe , but with the more responsible age of doctors taking the lead with non-smoking , had given up .
jean-luc rosselot had been working in the west field out of sight of the courtyard for over an hour , digging to find the leak in an irrigation pipe .
he smoke a pipe and play the violin ?
`` sounds like they 're here now , '' joe said , and took his pipe from his mouth to examine it .
he reached in and pulled out a small wooden pipe and tiny plastic bag of dried leaves .
taking a small pinch between his fingers he started stuffing it into the bowl of the pipe .
my mother 's death , my father 's disappearance and smith 's driving a gasoline powered car and smoking a real wooden pipe all rushed through my mind .
i had to remind myself that i was watching carsoon puff away in a native hut in the middle of the jungle and not smith toke on his pipe back in his office in new york city .
a bemused looking carsoon threw back the flap to his hut and leaned in the doorway , smoking his tribal pipe and winked at me as the villagers gave us ovation after ovation .
kaitlyn had just lifted a piece of a copper metal pipe into the air , trying to control it , when her concentration had been distracted by toms word .
tom , im sorry i nearly hit you with the pipe .
he made dramatic flourishes of his rattle around himself and the boy , and then placed one end of the pipe to his lips and the other near the boys mouth and nose .
moss puffed on his pipe , and looked briefly at the crossword ; he was infuriated by being stuck on three across , and he entertained the notion that the compiler was in error .
he was pleasantly surprised that moss was deep in thought , puffing away on his pipe , and welcomed his presence .
two had a moustache , one kept raising his arm to the ceiling and clicking his heels , the other smoked a pipe through a cynical evil grin , throwing back an occasional gargle of vodka .
botzi made mocking gestures as if lighting and puffing on a meerschaum pipe .
thats history well and truly flushed down the pipe , what do you say to 250,000 washers ?
this rewarding score in the progress of deduction deserved a pinch of snuff and a re-packing of his favourite pipe , surely , and such did pipistrello .
pipistrello puzzled over why sometimes he couldnt remember filling his pipe and those times the tobacco tasted like rats breath .
i 'm an old man , after all , '' he replied , before puffing on his pipe and turning to look out the window .
only twenty eight when they had found him dead on the beach , a hose pipe stuck into the exhaust of his car .
oshea didnt think he had much to hide , maybe a hash pipe or the footprints to a few porn websites .
you can just turn around and go back to listening to opera and smoking your pipe .
hawker waved his pipe .
hawker was so surprised that the pipe almost dropped out of his mouth .
hawker picked up his pipe , struck a match and sucked away thoughtfully .
hawker pointed with his pipe .
hawker gazed thoughtfully at the stuffed pike in a glass case above the bar before rapping on the top of the counter with his pipe .
satisfied with the draw , he struck a swan vest match and applied it to the pipe .
ignoring the folder on his desk , hawker picked up his pipe , packed it with tobacco , lit it and sat for a few minutes wreathed in tobacco smoke .
a small orchestra , perhaps , murmured hawker , waving his pipe like a conductor .
hawker replaced the pipe between his teeth and knitted his eyebrows .
hawker paused on the steps to straighten his bowler and light his pipe before approaching .
after carefully depositing his pipe on the counter , he peered up at the damaged instrument .
hawker puffed aggressively at his pipe .
the beagle swiped its pink tongue across his chops and said , that toilet water sure doesnt go down the pipe easy .
ill have to climb onto the porch roof and shimmy down the drain pipe .
but when a body is scheduled to be cremated , it offers an opportunity to unscrupulous body snatchers who rob a corpse of its bones and maybe even replace them with plumbing pipe .
enter under the pipe .
the musky smell of pipe tobacco washes over clay as he enters the shop .
he 's standing beside a rotating pipe display in the rear corner of the shop , out of sight from the storefront windows .
that was when he tripped on a filler pipe left on the deck of the plane .
as soon as they stepped outside , he lit the pipe with a wooden match and drew deeply .
several hundred dollars bills were rolled tightly , tied with string , and crammed into the metal pipe .
he was drinking coke from a plastic cup as big as a section of stove pipe .
before i made it into the street , i heard a bursting sound , like a water pipe rupturing .
it was brief , just an update on the pipe line , the weather , marlene , what marvin had been doing , that kind of thing .
fred and oriole drove out to the pipe line offices north of paulden .
hes probably out at the pipe line .
fred and oriole headed out to the pipe line planning their strategy along the way .
chapter 18 smith was pacing back and forth in front of his truck out at the pipe line .
i felt a piece of cold steel in my back , and it wasnt a pipe .
he leaned back , and filled his pipe , taking his time about it .
he paused to light his own pipe , after changing his mind and getting permission from the constable .
sampson looked serious , as if hed have preferred a pipe of his own .
mcfergus snorted , tapped the ashes from his pipe and put it into his jacket pocket .
mcfergus lit a pipe and thought about it .
mcfergus got out his pipe and some tobacco .
mcfergus loaded his pipe again .
mcfergus contemplated his empty pipe .
mcfergus looked at the young man ; the bent pipe rather suited his features .
he lit his own pipe .
he pulled the pipe from his pocket .
ya know the dripping lead from the pipe couldve gone down under the earths surface .
and thats led as in lead pipe not leed .
the turd in our otherwise converging water pipe of evidence is that the only two people claiming to know the person in the photo , are olivia and tom , and he didnt seem as sure as she did .
the customs people thought it was a pipe bomb .
the pipe organ played a prelude .
there was a large pipe , measuring about two feet in diameter , running up the wall at the top of the stairs with an inset behind that .
i heard labored breathing sounds coming from the other side of the pipe .
sir reginald gently swayed in his rocking chair as he smoked his pipe .
mindy gave a grin , and then held a fake pipe up to her mouth .
a gleaming pipe fit snugly in the side of his mouth , spouting puffs of smoke .
salty took his pipe out of his mouth and pointed it toward the picture window .
when i broke through to the open hemlock woods again , canoe on my back , kele was sitting against the aluminum canoe , smoking a pipe .
he went back to his pipe .
a diamond pipe is shaped like a carrot , samuel said , and this would be the top .
patrick took a puff on his pipe , and said , we found our rifle .
he put some more tobacco into his pipe , first holding some to the air then putting it into the fire .
i paused , while patrick lit up another pipe , and samuel lit up another cigar .
all i needed was the look that said i should be smoking a pipe and be walking around wearing a tweed jacket and a turtleneck .
there was even a rumour of a pipe .
i didnt have to be told ; i grabbed on with the rest of them , and we started using the pipe , maybe five inches in diameter , as a battering ram .
we could only get four guys on the steel battering pipe at a time , so we took turns .
he puffed on his pipe and looked over her shoulder .
she hated his pipe and she hated his fucking mustache .
soon-o forced the reporter guy to put on his snorkel set fins , mask , snorkel pipe .
soon-o planted his thumb over the end of the pipe .
im sure thats just a pipe dream of hers .
he used the pipe as a pointer .
i left wong silently smoking his pipe , locked into his world view of all cops as liars and users unworthy of trust .
there were three , all linked to the same pipe .
she swung the pipe .
pablo picasso 's still life with pipe and wine bottle from 1914 was estimated conservatively to be worth twenty-five million dollars .
and this is a pipe .
forms like the table top , the wine bottle and the pipe were identifiable , though distorted , and the colors were certainly brighter than those he 'd used in the earlier analytical cubist style .
this painting , still life with pipe and wine bottle from 1914 , was typical of the synthetic phase .
extension cords , copper wire , pvc pipe , welding rodsnot much more than that . ''
then he took the pipe to a bin and found an end cap for it .
he only brushed his head once on a pipe that was hanging down .
soapy water flooded through the overflow pipe .
water drips from the exhaust pipe .
he packed the leaves into the brass one-hitter pipe .
she reached for a brass-chambered pot pipe from the end table , and began sorting tiny buds of marijuana from a tray .
she inhaled deeply and choked back a cough before passing the pipe and lighter to frog .
he returned the pipe to dj , who inhaled another hit of smoke .
as she reached for the pipe she said , they first had state laws against grass in mexican border states with lots of migrant workers .
a tendril of smoke ran up from the pipe .
james withdrew his one-hitter kit and packed the pipe with leafy green bud gleanings .
james met the challenge with a pipe in hand .
within five minutes of smoking and passing of the pipe , they were all taken aback by the sheer power of the humble-appearing leaves .
frog tried to finish it off in one breath but gave up and passed the still-billowing pipe to dj .
he loaded a small amount of marijuana into a small pipe .
the professor lit his favourite pipe , a vile-smelling calabash , and became rather more sober as he continued .
turning to address the three of them , she found the girls were nearly asleep and jim was propped up against the mantle with his pipe in the corner of his mouth .
he even looked the part , resting his back against the glass hutch , with his pipe in the corner of his mouth .
eighteenth century garb was handed out before dark , and when the busses rolled in that night , they were met by a full english village , right down to the tall smoke pipe hats and barmaids waiting tables .
there was only a narrow pipe that went through the ceiling for ventilation .
candy sucked on a length of surgical tubing attached to a hanging iv bottle , modified with glass lab equipment to make a water pipe .
he asked , without removing the pipe from his lips .
his eyes lifted above craig and he waved his pipe .
his breath hung in the air like pipe smoke .
is that a waste pipe ?
we think he must have tripped over the tool box , fell backwards , and struck the back of his head on the pipe as he went down .
i got down of the floor and aligned my body with the chalked image and propped myself up on my right elbow so that the back of my head was touching the pipe .
and if i was falling and hit my head on this pipe the depression in my skull should also be about sixty degrees with respect to your shoulders , she said .
even if he wasnt dead its unlikely he was conscious after he hit the pipe , i said .
no bees wax in the sample from the pipe .
yes , faucets , a porch railing , the gas pipe , sometimes it is on the door knob .
rod pulled open the door of the garage , where ahead st cloud could see the vans brake lights on , and fumes rising from the exhaust pipe .
was he hiding in the exhaust pipe ?
they were flowing along a storm sewer pipe under sixteenth street in the mission .
one of nemain 's legs had been completely severed and she had it tucked under her arm while her sisters towed her through the pipe .
the morrigan backpedaling in the pipe sounded like cats tearing lace .
bummer yapped out a sharp tattoo of threat , then bolted down the pipe after the morrigan .
as he climbed to his feet , the six-foot pipe was filled with a creature that crawled out and virtually unfolded in the creekbed - a huge , bullheaded thing , with eyes that glowed green and wings that unfurled like leathery umbrellas .
now if you 'll excuse me , i 'm going to open this van and i do n't want you to be alarmed by what you see , but i want to get into the pipe while there 's still some light from the grates .
bob climbed up to a smaller pipe and sat on the edge , his feet dangling over ; water dripped from his little patent-leather shoes , but the floral pattern brass buckles still shone in the light of charlie 's headlamp .
the smoke flowed up a pipe to a hole in the roof where it rose above the chapel for all to see .
langdon , his concentration having been masterfully diverted , tried to counter , but the pipe felt like a tree trunk in his hands .
the window was open a crack to allow the smoke from the old man 's pipe to escape , and ashe had been able to hear their voices so clearly it was almost as if he were a part of the celebration .
when beverly got out of her car at her house after visiting her mother , someone jumped on her from behind and hit her with a piece of pipe .
in some drainage pipe or under some foundation folded into the rusted trunk of an abandoned car or strewn across a forest floor , cameron molders .
after thirty years of heavy pipe smoking , the entire office was tinged with a brownish residue .
at the end , he removed his pipe , put it in an ashtray , and said , `` twenty-four million , huh ? ''
judge atlee chewed on the pipe stem and was amused by something .
just the lawyers and the judge , who 'd taken off his robe and was puffing away on his pipe .
his honor chewed on his battered pipe stem and looked at jake , who at the moment was stewing because of the ambush .
he lit a pipe , exhaled mightily , paced to the window and back , then said , `` i like your point , wade .
after his honor removed his robe and lit his pipe , he sat down , stared at jake , and calmly said , `` you 're not pleased with my rulings . ''
he relit his pipe and exhaled a gust of smoke .
wu found a strong pipe and chained lawson to it .
he smelled of pipe smoke , and ivy critiqued his poor taste in shoes .
sato moved toward the container , seeing now that it was fed by a clear plastic pipe that ran through the wall .
a powerful pipe organ played in the distance ... and a new image materialized .
michael 's right ankle was shackled to a pipe running through the room .
low pipe organ music began to lilt through the church .
and there , beside the pipe organ and the screaming kids waiting in line and the cotton-candy kiosk , which smelled nauseatingly sugary , he edged close and touched his lips to ali 's .
it smelled like pipe smoke and old leather bookbindings and was filled with all sorts of books , maps , globes , encyclopedias , magazines , newspapers , chessboards , leather couches , and cozy love seats for two .
when they released the dog , he sprinted straight to the hole plumbers had dug a few days ago to repair a burst water pipe .
normally , a person could peer through a cylinder seal 's hollow center , as if through a section of empty pipe , but in this case , the shaft was blocked .
the pipe had been placed on a broken drain that had formerly run from the top of the flat-roofed furniture store to the gutter , and the placement rendered it all but invisible if it had not been stained at one end .
i stared at the pipe again and understood .
he had n't come upon a rusty pipe in the doctor 's office .
the murderer - carrying the pipe - walks into the office , which is officially closed .
without warning - since dr. lemay was still in his chair , which was still pushed right up to the desk - the murderer had lifted the pipe and hit dr. lemay over the head , kept hitting him , until he was just tissue .
it would be no trouble at all to slip through the alley with , say , a length of bloody pipe .
`` they told me the pipe recovered in the alley was definitely the one used to kill the doctor and his nurse , '' jack said .
he put his hand to his pocket , asked me if he could smoke his pipe .
she would n't take a step back if smacked across the mouth with a lead pipe .
forbes stood over her , his arm raised to strike with what looked like an iron pipe in his hand .
morell methodically filled his pipe and lit it before he replied .
the painter , eugen norman , with whom blomkvist still had not exchanged a single word , was sitting in a chair outside his house , sucking on his pipe as he regarded blomkvist and salander .
the stem of an enormous yellow pipe was clamped between his dentures .
the pipe was dead , had been since late 1985 , when his doctor had forbidden him to smoke it following a mild heart attack .
he gnawed on the stem of his pipe .
his large pipe poked in like a horizontal periscope .
'it 's a very naughty book that way , ' rawlie agreed around his pipe .
rawlie must be choking on his pipe .
rawlie took his pipe from his mouth and looked at thad solemnly .
short little fella , white hair , got a pipe in his mouth almost as big as he is .
he puffed at his pipe with great pleasure , removed it from his mouth , and smiled at thad .
he took the pipe from his mouth .
lew was smoking his pipe .
emma had chosen to be a sexy version of sherlock holmes , complete with a checked tweed jacket , a tweed miniskirt , high manolo heels , a detective 's cap , and an angular pipe .
every clang of a pipe or swish of air inside a vent made her heart race .
12 down the drain ( pipe ) `` it 's like she was lying to her journal , '' emma said , sprawled on her stomach across sutton 's luxurious bed .
to the right of the window a gutter pipe snaked a path from the roof to the cobbles below .
a mutual pipe cleaning , if you catch my drift . ''
as he led her up the cement stairs , flanked by pipe railings , he said , `` i borrowed the loft unit from a guy i know in town .
put that in your pipe and smoke it , his expression said .
turning the cap on the pipe had taken forever with the manually operated arm .
finally , the end fell off , and david tipped the pipe to one side .
on the platform , the long pipe sticking out of the ground was starting to wobble , like a top starting to lose its balance .
oliver tosses the pipe aside and shakes his head at me .
i took the pipe , the one he 'd used on you , and then ... ' ethan searches my face .
i raised the pipe , gripping with both hands .
maybe a pipe will burst , ' i add , giving him a look .
my therapist was an old man who smelled of pipe tobacco and wore thick , square glasses that i think were supposed to be hipster .
someone had shoved a piece of paper between the pipe and the table , perhaps to keep it from clanging .
i noted again the `` for sale '' sign out front , and the realtor 's lock box attached to a nearby water pipe .
i thought it was a pipe dream .
the words echoed hollowly , like someone was speaking through a long pipe , but it was clearly captain mikovsky .
he had to resist clubbing the man with his pipe .
matt followed amanda on hands and knees , pipe under one arm .
he dropped his pipe and crossed to the wall .
except for the thick pipe , george looked nothing like a sixty-something harvard professor .
one tentacle , thick as a sewer pipe , came probing low along the seabed .
the old historian had remained quiet during the discourse , smoking a pipe .
george removed his pipe and silently pointed its stem toward the horizon .
professor kouwe said , puffing on a pipe .
he simply puffed on his pipe and strode casually after their armed escort .
kouwe fumbled in his pocket and pulled out his pipe .
kouwe puffed on his pipe and spoke slowly .
kouwe slipped out his pipe and began stoking it with tobacco , then lit it with a fiery flourish .
instead of answering , kouwe simply pointed the glowing bowl of his pipe toward the dark forest .
with some secret settled between them , kouwe reached to his pipe and moved a few steps away , clearly needing a moment alone .
kouwe drew on his pipe and exhaled .
to find his father only required turning his nose toward the heaviest pall of pipe smoke and following the soft , scratchy sound of zydeco music .
`` she seemed like such a nice girl , '' his father mumbled around his pipe .
he brought the match to his pipe .
four years ago , she had fled a world where women strapped pipe bombs to their chests .
he held a pipe firmly between his teeth .
a pipe swung down and struck his wrist , knocking the pistol from his hand .
then from the left , a shape entered the field of view , behind tau , a pipe gripped above his head .
his muscles strained , and the small circle shifted out of place , pivoting around a vertical axis , like a valve in a pipe .
a few inches of water suddenly flowed into the hallway , as if from a burst pipe .
`` they 've busted their own pipe , '' gray said and pointed to the elevator .
in her other hand , she wielded a three-foot length of hollow pipe .
she identified the gleam of its titanium carapace and speared her pipe down at it , using all of her weight .
the shield and pipe were futile against their numbers , especially as this group was not uniform .
once done , she flung her pipe and shield at the base of a maple tree ahead .
she lifted shield and pipe .
she joined him , hunched down , coming close to burning herself on a pipe overhead .
he clung white-knuckled to a pipe near the roof ; his other arm clutched stella to his chest .
tucker added , `` in the library , with a lead pipe . ''
with kane at his heels , tucker followed the boardwalk to where the other two men were standing beside a section of submerged gas pipe .
he smoked a pipe , waving it at them as they joined him .
a single drop splashed from the distillation pipe into the soup .
as he tamps out his pipe , i place the candle on the sill , drop the hood of my cloak , and tie back its sleeves to free my arms .
smoke a pipe with me .
on a park bench , an old man was smoking a pipe .
she shifted to make sure the backpack containing max 's diabetes supplies was completely closed-and prayed that max would n't pipe up to remind her of all the snacks they had in there .
he struck a match and , for a moment , his face glowed orange as he lit a pipe .
but she had to breathe eventually , and when she did , the smell of the furniture polish , his clothes and a hint of pipe smoke brought it all back to her .
clay was squatting near a broken water pipe out on the south forty .
oliver glanced at the green pipe protruding from the roof of north block .
grabbing a piece of lead pipe from a pile of rubbish , butch hurried through the gate .
wincing at that memory , he took another hit on the pipe and then another .
grady booth took a hit on the pipe and passed it to harry titherington .
peter inhaled too deeply from the pipe and had to cough .
handing him the pipe , ethan patted him on the shoulder when he bent to accept it .
she went through his closet and drawers and quickly found drug paraphernalia-a pipe and what appeared to be a dime bag of meth .
slade spencer concentrated for a moment on packing a fragrant-smelling pipe .
he had put aside his pipe and an afterdinner drink in order to join the circle .
`` true , '' jonas remarked with a pointed glance at spencer 's fragrant pipe .
i did n't recognize it when he was smoking his pipe around here because the odor was so much stronger then-it overpowers you .
he held a fishing pole negligently in one hand , and had the inevitable pipe stuck between his teeth .
`` goin ' back t ' the missus , '' he said around the pipe .
children watched them from the deck , as did the adults , one man smoking a long pipe .
the romany with the pipe carried ainsley 's and patrick 's valises below , and angelo cast off the ropes .
the pipe smoker went back to studying the water ahead of them , and angelo 's mother returned with two chipped mugs filled with coffee .
after an hour and a quarter , fellows 's constables and the pipe men started coming up , dirty and defeated .
the man took his pipe from his mouth and pointed the stem at hart .
he sucked and puffed , sucked and puffed until smoke rolled from the pipe , pungent against the smell of the river .
the evening after hart had sent lewis to leave the signal to eleanor , reeve , down on the shingle , leaned against the boat 's hull and lit his pipe .
reeve studied him with his keen dark eyes as he tamped his pipe again .
reeve made another elaborate shrug , leaned back , and sucked heavily on his pipe .
mcgregor sat down outside with the elderly man to chat and smoke a pipe with him , while mahindar and channan ran about the kitchen , nandita tried to hide from all the strange men , and priti played with her new friend the goat .
she landed on a pile of bricks , mud , and slime , hearing the drip-drip of water from a pipe somewhere in the room .
her vision went blurry so fast she could n't make sense of it , and when she tried to strike out , her arm felt like a lead pipe she could n't hold up .
it had a funny-looking pipe thing attached to the end of it , but she did n't care .
he closed the other cuff around a pipe connected to an old radiator .
he had a pipe he liked to use . ''
somehow he had kept hold of it throughout our near disaster at sea , but now it was stove in on one side like a bent muffler pipe .
the pipe dropped from addison 's mouth .
`` would you mind terribly lighting my pipe ?
i recognized the sounds of a carnival in the distance : the arrhythmic wheeze of pipe organs , the dull roar of a crowd .
it was just a woman-a woman smoking a pipe .
nine years ago he had sworn that the children 's home where he 'd lived was protected by one-by `` a bird who smoked a pipe . ''
he was stuffing a pipe outside the tobacconist 's shop and blathering on about politics to a woman who was barely listening .
miss peregrine drew a pipe from her pocket , and bent to light it in the lamp flame .
in the rag pile , she found a shirt michael had grown out of , and she twisted it in her hands until she could thread it through the pipe .
woodrell daniels was a big meat slab of a man covered in tattoos and knife scars , and he 'd looked at jimmy and let loose this dry whisper of a chuckle that went through jimmy 's heart like a length of pipe .
naehring stoked his pipe back to life with a cupped match .
the room was filled with doctors , some in white lab coats , some in suits , all sitting around a long teak table with green-shaded banker 's lamps in front of their chairs and dark ashtrays that smoldered with cigarettes or cigars , the sole pipe belonging to naehring , who sat at the head of the table .
he pulled a small pipe from his pocket .
he handed the pipe to eugene .
socia snorted , toked from the pipe .
he tapped the pipe hard against his leg , dumping the ash and resin , his face flushed .
he sat stiffly in the booth , as if his spine had been replaced with pipe .
three winos fought over a bottle or a pipe in the garbage-strewn parking lot of a torched liquor store , and across the street , several mangy-looking teenagers eyed potential prey from a bench in front of a burger king , passed a joint , and gave angie a once-over .
`` cheese would never be stupid enough to send someone to take a pipe to my head . ''
`` so he dies someday , i 'll fly out to his funeral , pay my respects , and come back and take a pipe to your fucking elbows , kenzie .
`` i told him to trip you , not hit you with a pipe , but he got a little excited . ''
he gave me a shrug as he tapped the pipe back and forth in his palm .
i fumbled for them , listing to my left , and he ran the end of the pipe along the side of my neck with a soft chuckle .
i remained frozen , the pipe in my hand , my arm cocked .
the pipe tomahawked across the room and hit tadeo between his eyebrows .
not that it would have done me any good after tadeo hit me in the head with a pipe .
by the time he reached the admitting desk , it was like someone hammered pipe through his eyes .
`` five-inch pipe , too . ''
he still had plenty of pipe to run and was waiting on a shipment of horsehair plaster before he could start sealing the walls .
storrow placed a pipe to his lips and took a minute to light it .
he sucked on the pipe again .
connor sidestepped a guy swinging a pipe at no one in particular , then spun around a woman on her knees , and the dirty-looking guy was turning his way when connor punched him full in the face .
dim lights hung from a pipe above them , one bare bulb for every twenty feet or so , half of them out .
my jacket , along with sara , anna and carl 's , hung on the metal pipe secured into each side of the wall .
he dug in his pocket , pulled out a glass pipe and a lighter , then lifted up and shoved open my window .
he took a long drag on his pipe and then leaned over and blew it straight into my face before i could roll away .
he put his hand on the pipe and wiggled it , testing it , nodding as if satisfied by its sturdiness .
he glanced back at the pipe once more , as if trying to work out some way to get me up it .
hold on to the pipe for balance .
i grabbed the pipe as far above my head as i could and pulled with all my might , scrabbling at the wall to gain purchase .
jeff smoked a lot , but being the rich prick he was , he liked smoking expensive loose tobacco out of a pipe like he was freaking hugh hefner , so he was always lighting up matches to take a couple puffs .
i heard travis pipe up from the couch .
i hear ryke bang his head against a pipe .
he did n't have to tell me to be cautious of the exhaust pipe as i got on the bike , but he did anyway .
i was in the basement again , chained to the pipe , more animal than boy , but i was n't alone .
`` you can handle knowing that , on the weeks i was actually fed , it was dog kibble tossed on the basement floor , most of it just out of reach from where i was chained to a water pipe ?
as i reached up to adjust the shower head , the pipe broke , and water started pouring everywhere .
`` sam said the pipe in your shower broke . ''
and handing me my pipe and slippers . ''
tristan scrutinizes me from the couch with his feet kicked up on the coffee table , as he works to clean the resin out of a glass pipe with a small pocket knife .
i grab the pipe and bag of weed tristan lent me from off the dresser and my sketchpad from out of my duffel bag , then i sink down on the bed .
i keep blinking at her , wishing she 'd disappear , and finally , tristan comes in , kicks her out , and then steals his pipe back .
when i narrow my eyes at him , he starts laughing , and accidentally drops the pipe onto the ground .
she fills the pipe with weed and grabs a lighter out of the backpack .
`` actually , she just left , '' she says , setting the pipe down on her lap .
she sighs and sucks in another drag from the pipe .
she reaches for the pipe and puts it to her mouth , holding the lighter above it as her eyes remain on the ceiling .
he opens the small plastic bag and starts packing the pipe .
`` i 'm not sure yet , '' i say , my eyes fixed on the pipe , because every single part of me craves it so f**king bad .
he tugs the shirt on , scoots toward the door , and climbs out , taking his pipe with him and letting fresh air inside .
`` wait , '' tristan calls out , as he retrieves his pipe from his pocket .
`` if it keeps up '' -delilah hugs her knees to her chest , props the pipe on her kneecaps , and flicks the lighter- '' then we wo n't even be able to set off fireworks . ''
i stick out my tongue as i robotically position the pipe to my mouth .
she drops the brush on my lap , sets the pipe down by her feet , and starts making a braid at the back of her head .
she asks , collecting her pipe from off the tent floor .
or toking on the crack pipe ?
the ball flew right down the center , a perfect fast-ball right down the pipe .
slowly , i cleaned myself up , luxuriating in the strong jets from the shower , water pressure we could n't attain if we pinched every pipe leading into the house and used bellow on the water main .
maybe it 's a pipe dream .
college is a pipe dream .
even williams had contributed a pipe .
despite the absurdity of it , i ca n't seem to get the mental picture out of my head of me curled up in a ball on a ratty old couch , dressed in rags , smoking crack from a pipe , and it scares me .
then , in these pipe dreams , i would complain about having to return it , go to the store anyway and purchase something as equally unflattering .
he 'd never admit it , because it was a pipe dream where he came from , but his ambitions were a hot burning thing , beyond his control , and he needed this .
`` that 's a pipe dream . ''
it was a pipe dream , and i was a fool for clinging to it , but i just could n't let go yet .
the bite of pie she 'd started to munch on went down the wrong pipe and she whacked herself in the chest several times as both caleb and madge beat a hasty retreat .
`` wrong pipe , '' she rasped before taking a drink of sweet tea .
he snapped one end around vincent 's free hand and the other end around a different pipe on the radiator , ensuring vincent would n't be able to reach for something to throw or a cell phone to call .
i hit the button , bent my knees and squatted below the pipe .
her words feel like a steel pipe going right through my gut .
`` sorry , '' i croaked out , `` wrong pipe . ''
an old man stood behind the bar , a pipe held to his mouth , billowing sweet-smelling smoke .
i sat on the bar stool in silence as henri smoked his pipe , seemingly content to merely wait .
i glanced up at henri , who had the shotgun to his shoulder , pipe still in his teeth , aiming the weapon at the door .
he clamped his pipe in his teeth and puffed , then grabbed the gun from me , pushed a button on the side , and the clip ejected .
so stick that in your fucking dominant pipe and smoke it . ''
i had a restless night on the couch and spent a good part of the morning going through mom 's mess of a bedroom-and finding absolutely nothing of any use , not even a crack pipe .
i settle in as i keep picking until a familiar tune surfaces and i find the words to `` the freshmen , '' by the verve pipe , flowing out of my mouth .
a steel pipe propped against the wall catches my attention .
the pipe clatters to the ground with a hollow ring .
cracking a lid , i spot red , black , and white stripes coiled around the pipe above the shower head .
`` he 's fine , '' she tells the rest of the table , `` just went down the wrong pipe . ''
they were n't even the healthy-looking squirrels , but the ones with the skinny little tails like pipe cleaners , and missing patches of fur .
the guy was hired to get rid of the rats and then took off with the village 's children who followed him while he played the pipe .
i could hear the dripping from the leaking pipe in the corner .
a metal pipe pinged to the ground , tipping back and forth in a slow roll an inch from my face .
upstairs i even find a group sitting around a hookah pipe smoking shisha in the small terra-cotta-painted bedroom .
dell 's face is imprinted in my mind-that lead pipe looming above , then nothing .
it feels more like a pipe dream at the moment , but most things usually do until they actually come to fruition .
`` you want me to tell him you 're sleeping with the woodcutter while his pipe dream of you getting laid by a mccarthy goes down the company drain ?
something warms inside of me at the thought , and yet the sane part of me demands i lick a frozen pipe as punishment .
my dick ticks in my boxers because , holy hell , there 's a tiny ray of hope that suggests he might get attention from the real deal tonight , but i think we both know that 's a pipe dream .
`` fell off a horse and hit a pipe sticking up from the ground .
i began to lift and pull , and then i found a pipe to wedge between the ground and the metal .
it all seemed like such a pipe dream .
she clears her throat , `` i 'm sorry , must have gone down the wrong pipe . ''
so it was like ... a pipe dream or something . ''
`` well , i do n't know shit about hiring a new staff , and thinking you 're going to find someone to replace cora is a pipe dream .
she stumbles over a glass pipe on the floor as she makes the rest of the short walk back to the sofa and then flops down on her back .
he takes the remainder of the weed out of my prescription bottle and packs it into his pipe .
jonah moves the pipe away from his mouth .
`` can i at least have my pipe back ? ''
geraldson gets up to get a pipe and violet glances around the room as if she 's searching for an escape route .
i never got that pipe , jacket , or hat .
there 's a pipe bomb . ''
`` then you just pipe down and wait for the shipment , '' his mom seethed .
when i tossed the washer , it landed directly in the pipe on the first try .
i smelled nothing but the scent of warm pipe tobacco , chimney smoke , chocolate , and hamilton .
not icky cigarette smoke , but like warm pipe tobacco and chimney smoke all rolled into one .
`` pipe down , woman , and bring me those tits .
`` you know she 'll kill you if she catches pipe tobacco on your clothes , '' i warned , knowing my mom 's thoughts on my father 's smoking .
`` thanks for the coffee , and the shower , and the pipe rescue , '' i said , stretching as i walked toward the door .
when i did n't respond she added , `` stick that in your pipe and suck it . ''
for f**k 's sake , zan , reel it in and pipe the f**k down .
so you 're here to make sure the art and furniture i do n't even like do n't go up in flames or drown under a burst pipe . ''
she waved and chugged away , the exhaust pipe of her car banging against the pavement .
the pipe above her started to give with her weight and she tried to bounce the rust free .
within minutes , danny held a steaming plastic pipe in his mouth and was inhaling the medicine deep into his lungs .
`` i want your cigarettes and the pipe you have in your pocket . ''
`` it has watering pipe things everywhere and just farther that way is some camping equipment . ''
we are in a converted warehouse - brick walls , dark wood floors , white ceilings , and white pipe work .
there - stick that in your pipe and smoke it , grey .
when i pulled , the pipe stopped the handcuffs .
before we go in , richard lights up a small pipe and smokes out the window .
i 'd hidden my face to roll my eyes , and i definitely did n't tell him boyce had been letting me drive the trans am whenever he 'd had one too many beers or taken too many hits of a pipe or joint and i was relatively sober .
`` that 's not necessary , '' i pipe up hurriedly .
my uncle loved his pipe .
`` twenty-one , '' i pipe up automatically .
my mother 's voice enters my ears , and i suck my tongue dry , taking all of it , all of them , and swallowing the hard lump to the back of my throat , down my pipe , and i feel it all leave my brain .
every soft step up to the pipe was made with clenched muscles .
i open my tin and thumb a nugget of weed into my little glass pipe .
she just stares at me , at my hands and arms , at my face , at the bed , at the pipe and lighter lying on my chest .
kylie watched me throw it away , watched me give my pipe and papers to dion .
a stupid pipe dream . ''
i could n't sleep with a steel pipe in my pants , so i took a cold shower .
a boy no older than ten looks up , grabbing a long pipe resting on the bed next to him .
`` i 've found three eight balls of coke alone and a meth pipe .
i did , and his followed the line of my arms , cupping his hands over mine , sliding them to the pipe that held the shower head .
i just exploded in a controlled way , toes curling , my hands gripping the pipe .
`` they are , you ca n't feed 'em , pipe do n't get off his fat ass and you do n't stop actin ' like a bitch and gettin ' your ass fired from job after job . ''
`` fuck me , that 's naomi 's man , pipe , '' hound muttered then louder , `` what the f**k 's that f**ker got to do with this ? ''
tack 's gaze went back to pipe .
tack asked and pipe forced his head up again .
proving his immense stupidity , pipe jumped in .
`` pipe dying had nothing to do with chaos . ''
i was so shocked , and thrilled , and hopeful , thinking tate would come in next , my whole body bucked , apparently violently because , surprisingly , the rusty pipe my hands were tied to at the radiator pulled clean away from the wall .
isabel was kneeling beside an open pipe that was pouring water out all over the parking lot , a wrench in her hands .
letting him fix her pipe was n't a big deal , but it was something .
`` well , '' i hear myself pipe up , `` i think of course there 's always going to be room for something different .
a steel pipe to his knee would have hurt less .
`` thanks for doing the tank and pipe .
`` just went down the wrong pipe .
put that in your pipe and smoke it , you stupid cow !
but he also had something that looked like a tumbling horse and a piece of pipe with soft ankle restraints on each end that he told me was a spreader bar .
henri clamped the pipe between his teeth , puffed a plume of smoke toward the ceiling as he reached under the bar and came up with a massive shotgun .
bottles of alcohol , a pack of cigarettes , books of matches and ashtrays and a packet of pipe tobacco .
he washed his hands in the sink , dried them , then grabbed a book of matches and relit his pipe , sipped at his wine .
i do n't know what if anything i 'd do with them in the future but i knew i did n't want her involved in whatever was going to befall these fuckers , it might be a pipe dream but it 's what i wanted .
a moment later , he was gone , leaving behind the scent of cinnamon and pipe smoke .
this time i coughed and the wine burned as i forced a swallow down the wrong pipe .
invest in a pipe and slippers , come home to her in the evenings and grumble about his day at work whilst idly surfing through the tv channels ?
if he wanted to pipe up , that was his business .
jessie had a pipe freeze in her trailer . ''
`` can you point the light where i 've got the pipe wrench ? ''
`` the pipe threading is stripped because the calcium deposits are abrasive .
`` so are you all fired up because i was n't standing on the porch holding your pipe and slippers to welcome you home ? ''
he spoke with an affected british accent , smoked a pipe , and claimed he 'd traveled europe with gertrude stein and alice b. toklas .
and with that , josie knew the amicable working relationship she 'd been hoping for was nothing more than a pipe dream .
he went to the half pipe to get his coat and returned close to her , making her a sign that they could get going .
without ever dropping marinas body , he managed the unthinkable : he stood up and carried her in his arms to the side of the half pipe , which was better protected from the rain .
she returned to the lateral side of the half pipe and searched for her coat .
magus napoleon shrugged and casually removed his pipe from a pocket of his dark blue tunic .
so rarely did magus napoleon bring out the pipe and stick it in his mouth .
the mans grip was so strong that the lord almost dropped his pipe .
his pipe rolled across the earth before stopping a feet few away , its light dying amidst the curling blades of grass .
`` the airline lost my luggage , a hot water pipe exploded on me ... '' `` my goodness .
the guards had thrown him back into his cell after beating him black and blue with lengths of pipe for countless hours .
mostly pipe , he admitted .
he pushed up to his feet , cradling his pipe in the palm of his hand .
but tate had heard her too , and he turned in time to catch the pipe .
he raised the pipe .
alex shifted and he bit down on the pipe and broke it .
jenn was then standing over him with the pipe held to his throat so that he couldnt move his head .
even thats a pipe dream , though .
at the bottom of the steps they passed a man sitting on the last step , smoking a pipe .
the old mans pipe burned out and he began cleaning it with some small tool he took from a pocket .
but instead of taking a chunk out of her hand , the cat started to chew on the cable ties attaching her to the pipe .
despite my inability to move , dr. olstein removes the pipe .
the stable only has one pipe , running down the center of the building .
i smoke this pipe once a week , for relaxation . ''
oh come on tom , thats a pipe dream .
i have never seen a dead body before - unless you count brian the morning after overstaying his welcome at the hashish pipe travelling fair - and i do not want to see one today .
brian picks up his giant pipe and puffs on it .
i scrunched up my nose ; a woman that large shouldnt pipe herself into stockings that tight .
silver pipe , shower head .
i wasnt sure but the picture in my head was clear , a silver pipe .
i needed to find something else to seal the opening to that pipe .
once i saw i woman beaten to death in the street for not surrendering a simple wood pipe .
the pipe had been given to her by her son , who had just left for the classes a month earlier .
in some cases , it probably blew the pipe covers into the rooms .
on stage guignol sat in a big red chair , smoking a pipe .
the driver floored it and i could hear a straight pipe on a six cylinder and it looked like an old ford two door .
i happened to be turned toward the road when i saw and heard a fairlaine with a six cylinder and a straight pipe ease by .
sometimes the adults would tell me to pipe down , but usually i would n't because i was just too happy .
a piece of pipe was being lowered into a hole in the street .
the workmen hed seen around the city digging to lay new pipe were causing these old tunnels to cave in .
he tugs my bottoms off and slides back up my body , his erection pressing into me like a lead pipe .
dang , pipe , you get any more sun and youre gon na have to check a different ethnicity .
he copied to see the naked male he assumed was jinks was underneath a thick half cylinder tube and a pipe was flashing some red light at the males feet .
tom spotted the familiar pipe scanner device that emanated a red laser .
from her wicker chair tess heard a loud voice boom out , `` pipe me aboard , you old son of a bitch !
plus , there are new therapies coming down the pipe where you dont have to totally wipe out the recipients stem cells with radiation so , you having b negative could come in handy .
if she listened hard enough she heard fred and ethel murtz , arguing about plumbing or a leaky pipe .
like an itch , something twitched at the edge of my mind , annoying like water dripping from a leaky pipe .
a thought struck me , something gnawing inside my gut whispered of fears i could not name , more potent and powerful than my leaky pipe .
i suspected that he wanted to get our stories straight on the lead pipe thing , to make sure that there was n't anything else i was supposed to have told him .
john had reluctantly conceded the need for iron support posts instead of aluminumonly iron would have the right tone as the actors clanged against it with their pipe swords .
our prologue , one of our few male actors , pummeled the set with an iron pipe , and then he bellowed , `` two households , both alike in dignity , in fair verona , where we lay our scene , from ancient grudge break to new mutiny , where civil blood makes civil hands unclean . ''
i fitted pipe , but now i hire on as a foreman .
she walked back to the village , where satigi sat on a stool under a tree smoking a pipe with the men .
johan pulled out a pipe , filled it with tobacco , and lit it , his eyes never wavering from his guests .
a pipe led from its base to the makeshift shower .
he had another that hit the pipe and at least three more that got blocked by diving defensemen .
each pipe was of a different length .
if his youngest sister , slane , had n't gotten hooked on the crack pipe ... she was only fourteen .
i almost pipe down because i think he needs a moment alone .
the heavy cloud of pipe smoke swirling around charlies head was enough to make me retch .
it was apparently from a very distressed client , and in the landscaping business that usually meant a broken pipe , some shifty sprinklers , an industrious gopher , or a neighboring tree dispute .
she inched around a drainage pipe and peeked around the side of the garage .
what if it didnt have to be a pipe dream ?
a beautiful old mahogany sofa with a serpentine back and , beside it , a small , round-topped table upon which someone had left a pipe and a drawstring bag of tobacco .
my granddad smoked a pipe , he remarked .
after i told them , reesey was the first to pipe , you have to go !
black ooze was slowly leaking from a broken pipe .
would you two pipe down over there ?
instead she smiled at jim and thought put that in your pipe and smoke it .
his voice echoed down a long metallic pipe , and i cringed .
wait , a clean sewer pipe ?
vincent reached out and grabbed the muffler pipe , but the damn thing must have been made in china because it disintegrated in his hand .
if that was the setup pitch , this was going to be a fastball right down the pipe .
the junkie tugged again then yanked his arms so violently i thought the pipe would come out of the ceiling .
i clenched the heavy pipe as i crept toward him .
i raised the pipe .
i dropped the pipe and grabbed his coat .
i thought it was a simple plan , but next thing i know , my boy returns with a concussion and a metal pipe in place of the bolt cutters i sent with him .
there were light blue walls inside , there was dark cloth on the talbes , the chairs back-rest consisted only of a golden , arched shaped pipe , their legs too , and their cushions were dark blue .
property damage : major damage to your home could come by termites or a tornado tearing out your garage door or heavy snow breaking your roof or an old pipe busting in your home and causing flood damage along with several other possibilities for major property damage .
would you please pipe down ?
the yellow light deepened the lines mapping his face until it disappeared into his pipe bowl .
he puffed on his pipe until the tobacco glowed like an angry red eye .
the pipe clicked against his teeth .
the old man removed the pipe from his mouth before holding out his free hand .
well , it 's a pipe dream now that we 're overrun and without a home .
i had visions of being asked to uncouple a rig ( or whatever it is they call whatever it is they do ) and could see my career on the open road rapidly disappearing into the black hole in my brain labelled pipe dreams .
then one of them sucked on something that resembled a pipe .
a pipe had fallen off , smashed through georges windshield , and had decapitated him .
bull turns and slides the length of pipe back between two metal eyelets , effectively blocking the door .
hunter gave out a hacking cough , his drink having entered the wrong pipe , when he heard his friend say this .
at least pop out for a puff or two of your pipe , uncle jack .
there was so much water damage from that broken pipe .
cherry tobacco smoke made lazy curls from the pipe he held to his mouth .
he was smoking his favorite pipe , the one mammas grandpa had given him , and delicate swirls of cherry tobacco danced above his head .
he tapped his pipe on the edge of a marble ashtray to dump out some loose tobacco .
daddy enjoyed a lemonade and had begun the ritual of lighting his pipe .
mouth-watering cooking smells wafted out from mammas kitchen and mingled with pipe smoke as the evening slipped into dusk .
and the pipe dreams hed been indulging in that night ?
probably the only thing you did was smoke on your cocaine pipe , or shooting up .
we did n't have liam back then and vinnie inventing a device to help us was a pipe dream .
in the corner stood a large , potbelly wood stove with the pipe i 'd seen outside .
the old man took a puff on his pipe and quickly blew a puff of smoke into the air .
he refilled his pipe and clamped his teeth tight on the mouth .
put that in your pipe and smoke it seamus gillespie .
maire brought a pipe with her and was terrific as eony !
he gladly accepts it in place of the long , rusty pipe he was previously set to do battle with .
but i knew it was only a pipe dream .
i take off running down side streets and through every drainage pipe i know .
try being crouched down in a jeep with gunfire streaming above your head or pipe bombs blasting outside your window .
they beat him with lengths of plastic pipe and improvised rope whips , and then left him there dangling and screaming , and he was only fortunate that he screamed loudly enough that a teacher came to investigate , and finally cut him down .
how long had micah been filling the others ' heads with the pipe dream of freedom ?
* * * `` damn pipe , '' jessica said .
when mrs. masing said her pipe was leaking , she had n't been kidding .
he immediately spotted the problem , the pipe underneath needed to be tightened , so it would quit leaking .
music filled the night , traditional christmas carols played on an old-time pipe organ .
my stepdad was sitting on a big , cushy recliner , smoking a pipe and reading a book .
he slammed his opponent 's head down into the concrete of the roof , then grabbed what looked to be a length of pipe and raised it high over his head .
he was even smoking a pipe and making jokes , all in a perfect low paris accent , all traces of his swedishness gone .
you know what happens once you go black ... '' i inhaled my water down the wrong pipe and choked .
and i 'll remember to pick up the pvc pipe you ordered and to stack the wood under cover .
the pipe dreams of a child .
`` joey , '' he said , his pipe aflutter now in a trembling hand .
his name was steve rizzoli ( which did n't matter , except that she would always remember it ) and he was two years older - a bit of a bad boy with his hash pipe and surfer smoothness .
like the night three years ago when the pipe burst in the basement and she could n't figure out where to turn off the water .
i can only make the call go on for so long , so once you go silent to handle your situation , you need to make it quick and then pipe back in so it appears you were there for the entire call .
he carried a pipe in his left hand , and as he examined will at his leisure , he exhaled , sending out a cloud of sweet-smel ing , cough-inducing smoke .
`` it went down the wrong pipe , '' she said , pointing to her throat .
he always smelled of pipe tobacco and old spice , and he used to sing in the shower , silly songs he made up as he went along .
`` pipe down , you know i love you . ''
blood was climbing in his face as he spoke , and he quickly looked down at the pipe wrench in his hand .
happily ever after was just a pipe dream for her .
dropped on all fours , he turned his head and saw the length of steel pipe swinging down at him again , a direct hit aimed at the center of his face .
when i reached up , i felt some kind of pipe or bar .
instead of using the iron as a weapon , the boy cracked it into the metal exhaust pipe of the stove .
she could n't see , but she could feel the cold metal pipe hammering against her ribs until they cracked .
she opened them again just as the pipe came down on her legs .
`` suit yourself , '' he said , handing miles the pipe .
he was gone for only a blink of time before the man with the pipe was back .
like a pipe , or a spear .
outside , the day was as gray as pipe metal .
`` so , missy , '' daddy said , puffing on his pipe as he studied his cards .
i 'll not have my daughter in danger because she has some pipe dream of being a warrior . ''
they 'd simply beaten him until he shifted to his dragon form , and then they 'd chained him from a thick steel pipe .
yesterday , on the way home from school , their bus had to take a fifteen-minute detour because of a busted sewer pipe .
when the man beside her lit up his pipe , she could n't help the little sigh of disappointment that leaked from her mouth .
she pushed open the broken door-the lock had n't worked when they moved in and the super never cared enough to fix it-and found her roommates sitting on the living room floor , passing a pipe back and forth .
do feel free to pipe up if something else comes to mind . ''
it creaked in protest when she rose and she reached down for the only means of self-defense she had-an old pipe she 'd found lying outside the cottage .
her relief was so staggering that she sagged to the floor still clutching the pipe .
have you been hitting the peace pipe again ? ''
bookshelves lined one wall and the room was awash in the comfortable mustiness of leather-bound volumes with a faint after-note of fribourg and treyer pipe tobacco .
but i like the smell of the pipe tobacco .
even from several feet away , i can make out the protrusion of the pipe in his jacket pocket .
to never smell dad smoke a pipe ?
mia 's dad , denny , puffed on a pipe , but that seemed mostly for show .
he leaned back and lit up a pipe .
rass set his pipe down and leaned forward .
i had n't expected him to pipe up in this conversation .
she 's just pipe dreaming , hettie .
the water chugged from the pipe .
twenty-seven days after six days later , four sundays after the last sunday , the colonel and i were trying to shoot each other with paintball guns while turning 900s in a half pipe .
`` a pipe is good for thinking . ''
longstreet rested the pipe upon his knee .
the duke was still coughing but had now dug a pipe out of the midden and was packing it with tobacco .
pardloe 's lean cheeks hollowed as he sucked at the pipe , the orbits of his eyes shadowed by the light that fell on brow and nose .
beyond that ... '' the pipe was in danger of going out , and the duke took a long pull at it .
so put that in your pipe and smoke it , his expression added .
`` no , the shower head pipe in my shower just broke , and i start my new job in about seven hours .
i asked as i tightened the pipe under her kitchen sink .
jose almost told the guy to pipe down , but chances were good he was talking like he was in a library .
evie hesitated , trying to decide exactly what to tell rebecca , and that gave paige enough time to pipe up .
i lose my grip on the pipe and fall flat on my back .
`` says the girl who is dating a guy who looks like he should be smoking a pipe and reading chaucer . ''
just went down the wrong pipe . ''
he grabbed the nearest thing he could find -- his hands closing on a length of copper utility pipe that ran up the wall .
if anything had gone wrong in his absence - a broken water pipe , car repairs , anything - she 'd seen to it herself with barely more than a casual mention .
put that in your pipe and smoke it .
he sets the pipe down on the table by his feet .
i set the sketchpad aside , take the lighter out of my pocket , and pack the pipe before putting the mouthpiece up to my lips .
tristan teases , clutching a pipe in his hand .
she unzips it , and i 'm starting to get really curious about what the hell she 's doing when she takes out a glass pipe and a small plastic bag full of weed .
i try not to look at the pipe and remember how i felt when the smoke first hit my lungs , but it 's hard not to stare at something so wonderful yet potent .
i ask , staring at the pipe .
eventually she places the pipe and lighter on my nightstand and lies down , staring at the ceiling .
she offers me the pipe .
i always do ... '' shaking his head , he puts the mouth of the pipe up to lips and positions the lighter over the bowl .
he keeps his eyes on me with the pipe and lighter in his hands .
`` you 're going to take your pipe out there ? ''
she and i are sitting in the tent with the door open , watching the sky drizzle against the ground , as she smokes from the pipe and i occasionally take a few hits .
she gapes at me as she hands me the pipe .
i hand her the pipe and reach for my bag to take out my deodorant .
she points a finger at the pipe .
we take a few more turns with the pipe , because it 's there and it makes the idea of running out into the rain easier .
`` does it have a reindeer on it smoking a hash pipe ? ''
the major 's pipe threatened to go out , and he drew on it mightily , making the tobacco in the bowl glow and crackle sudden red .
macdonald 's flush deepened , and the smoke fumed from his pipe with such ferocity that i could barely make out his features through the curling wreaths .
the major poked at the bowl of his pipe with a stained forefinger , not looking up .
he took the pipe from his mouth , exhaled a long stream of smoke , then looked up into my face , his eyes pale blue and very direct .
he 'd been fairly drunk himself when someone took a fancy to have his palms read , and he had pushed with the others into the corner where the old woman who did it always sat , scarcely visible amid the gloom and clouds of pipe smoke .
i might have made some indignant reply to this , but we had come in sight of the bugs ' cabin , and arch bug was sitting on his stoop , peacefully smoking a clay pipe .
he nodded , eyes creasing as he smiled round his pipe .
i glanced through the door in time to see arch bug nod toward jamie , though he did n't speak , being engaged in a fierce battle with his pipe .
i stepped out on the porch , bending to him , and he let me take the hand , obligingly switching his pipe to the left .
aye , your faither fought there , too , a sheaumais , '' he added , pointing the stem of his pipe at jamie .
he blew through the stem of the pipe to clear it of ash , wiped the bowl with his handkerchief , and tucked it carefully away-left-handed .
felicite and joan were sound asleep on the settle , and arch was smoking his pipe by the hearth , blowing smoke rings for a rapt germain .
the fume of the pipe reached him and he raised it and drew deep , as though he drank the air of the moor , hazed with rain and the smoke of the day .
he took the pipe and returned the honor of the gesture , then passed it to the next man , refusing to speak further .
bird 's lips pursed , as though to draw smoke , but the pipe fumed unnoticed in his hands .
there was no one there , though the presence of scattered punch cups and the strong scent of pipe tobacco indicated that jocasta had likely been holding court there earlier .
on the edge of the trench lay the cracked pieces of the pipe segment they had just dropped .
`` was he smoking a pipe ? ''
maybe the mixture of turpentine and the fumes from mr. buchanan 's pipe was affecting her sense of smell .
`` you get a pipe full of the strongest tobacco ye can find , stick it into the hive and blow smoke up into the combs .
he lifted the clay pipe , cupped onehanded like an eggshell .
there was a muffled giggle from the audience , and he smiled and laid the pipe down .
she 'd actually gone pale when he 'd introduced her to the pipe major , an old acquaintance .
taking the filthy pipe from a puzzled fergus , he inserted his thumb into the stained bowl and began to scrape at the burnt , gummy residue that lined it .
myers had gone off to smoke a pipe ; i could hear jamie call to ian somewhere downstream , and a faint answering laugh .
the older man took the pipe and drew several deep , leisurely mouthfuls , which he exhaled with evident pleasure .
jamie smoked as the indians had done-one or two long , ceremonious mouthfuls-and then lifted the pipe , turning to hand it to me .
i choked it back , and hastily gave jamie the pipe , feeling my face turn red as the smoke curled lazily through my chest , tickling and burning as it searched its way through the channels of my lungs .
in the middle of her washing , one of the tavern 's patrons had come out into the yard to smoke a pipe , the day being fine .
`` oh , he called for his pipe , and he called for his bowl , and he called for his fiddlers threeee , '' i sang irreverently under my breath , eliciting an odd look from the girl laoghaire .
the pipe music rose to a fervent pitch , and then abruptly ceased .
`` pipe , '' she said , without preliminaries .
claire had commandeered mr. caswell 's imported english pipe , ruthlessly breaking off the amber stem .
through it strolled a victorian gentleman in an elegant brocade smoking jacket , cravat and black trousers , with a pipe nonchalantly held between his teeth .
the pipe clattered to an end table .
most of the time i tried not to think of ryan , the sand , or the bul ets flying every where while he carried his his pipe bomb backpack .
my wind pipe swells in pain .
go smoke that in your pipe , mr. roth .
his head wobbled as ifhis neck were a pipe cleaner .
with one last look at the woman dangling from the pipe , he turned and left .
a woman ran across the floor , wielding a pipe like a sword .
hope slammed the door shut , picked up a discarded length of pipe , and slammed it down on the handle .
she had n't been able to get back to the leaking water pipe at the far end of the building today , and she sure as hell was n't going to drink the muck these things lived in .
roanna was skinny , all pipe stem arms and legs , and small for her age .
but when he opened the cabin door , ready to offer some lame excuse to alex about why he had to abandon her there , he was greeted by warm air and the golden glow of a fire crackling in the small pipe stove in the center of the cabin .
i could n't help but pipe in .
ryland spotted jeff on his surfboard gliding toward them as the wave began to curl , forming a long pipe .
lily could still smell her father 's pipe just like in his office at home .
`` where are my slippers and pipe ? ''
as always , though , when she began thinking along these lines , she heard a voice inside her immediately pipe up , do n't go there .
it felt like metal , like a pipe full of supercooled liquid , like the tentacle of some alien creature with ice for blood .
she paused for a long while on a couple of the ones containing her father 's more personal effects : his pocket watch , a monogrammed handkerchief , his favorite pipe , and a few other knickknacks .
she just found jeffrey lovejoy hanging from a pipe . ''
chris was explaining to cassie about how to construct a pipe bomb when they reached the pumpkin patch .
water was hissing out of the pipe under the sink .
`` but-it is a pipe , '' she said timidly , tapping her finger on the brown bowl .
( `` this is not a pipe . '' )
`` it 's a drawing of a pipe .
terra-cotta pots were strategically placed around the patio with a variety of cacti-prickly pear , blooming hedgehog , spiking organ pipe , saguaro , even a towering joshua tree .
`` the broken water pipe flooded all three floors .
there were sections of diamondback that long ago had been sucked into the quagmire of hopeless poverty , where any thoughts of gentrification were mere pipe dreams .
six to five her pal 's already been on the pipe , telling her they saw a travolta movie together last sunday night . ''
he must have had , to be able to put the noose around lovejoy 's neck and haul him up over that pipe afterward . ''
she keeps pointing to painted pinecones , little popsicle-stick picture frames with our grade school photos inside , and reindeers made from clothespins and pipe cleaners .
`` i just came back for a drink , '' i pipe up .
it does n't just have to be a pipe dream , we can really do that .
i picture james sitting in front of a fireplace , smoking a pipe , with his faithful dog sprawled at his side . ''
with his wrist handcuffed to the pipe behind the show floor toilet he was n't able to move far .
he 'd even tried maneuvering so he could kick at the pipe .
`` sorry , wrong pipe , '' she croaked .
`` every dream is a pipe dream before someone achieves it . ''
while mulling over the possibilities , a dull rattle sounded in the pipe to her pot-bellied stove .
all at once , the tree slipped through the door like a giant pipe cleaner .
at just over twenty feet up , i grabbed the drainage pipe and used it to catapult myself the remaining ten feet , where i cleared the balcony railing and landed smoothly on the deck .
if she was reading their faces right , anything that might resemble a happy future was nothing but a pipe dream .
and whenever they stopped for the night and camp was set up , dad would always come for her ; while he smoked his pipe , he 'd say , i thought my best girl would like to take a walk ... ... those ten-minute walks were worth a thousand miles of bad road .
together , the four of them drag the stove and pipe back to their apartment , pull it up the stairs in clanging bursts .
she 'd always dismissed it as a pipe dream .
she coughed , thumping her chest as if the food had gone down the wrong pipe .
that 's dad 's pipe you smell .
as grateful as he had been for the change of subject , he was surprised to hear himself pipe up suddenly , `` that 's why you do n't want men touching you , is n't it , edie ?
he was a jolly fellow and after i 'd mended his smoking pipe he gave me a book in which he 'd written down everything he 'd learned in all his long life .
ari wanted to pipe in and say she did n't have any dinner plans when lia turned in her direction .
i turned onto the obscure drive to my grandfather 's cabin and stopped to unlock the metal pipe gate that blocked cars from driving further onto the property .
`` abby , '' i hear emerson say , `` abby , wait- '' `` what did you do , scurry down the drain pipe ? ''
carl himself had ordered the fountain , so tomorrow a contractor was to come in and lay the pipe .
there was sawdust and pipe smoke and several other scents she could n't identify .
he peered up into the shadows at the exposed pipe .
she raised her eyes to the still dripping pipe above .
chapter 10 ana looked down the aisle , taking a deep breath as she listened to the pipe organ play the wedding march .
the pipe dream of a marvellous trip together deflated as the reality of her world kicked in .
the pipe organ started playing the first chords of mendelssohn 's wedding march .
whether what she 'd said had shattered some pipe dream of his , serena had no idea , but at least he could n't argue against the truth of her situation , which meant he had to take stock of it and deal with it openly and honestly .
flashing her a dark look out of beautiful blue eyes , he said , `` it 's going as well as hooking up an ancient stove to a gas pipe can go . ''
`` just wanted to let you know we found a leak in a hot-water pipe . ''
`` yeah , '' joe said , `` but rafe did the joint work on that pipe . ''
`` i 've got it shut off , but your pipe joint 's shot .
for now , get some pumps in there to clear the yard and get that water pipe capped off . ''
not to mention we 'll have to eat the cost of repairs to the water pipe and putting the yard back to rights . ''
tears filled her eyes again as she hugged her grandfather and breathed in his familiar scent of pipe tobacco and peppermint .
`` take yer time , '' he said , puffing on his pipe and smiling .
he puffed on his pipe for a moment , then said bluntly , `` why did you marry him ? ''
`` for example , if we were the only ones here , i 'd strip you down and have you grab onto that pipe right there . ''
orraca was too old to be on her hands and knees , so cristina had taken over the mopping while pablo fixed the leaky pipe .
`` they figure that if i want to follow some pipe dream of being an author , i should finance it myself . ''
a strangled sound came out of hope as her tea went down the wrong pipe .
he pulled out his pipe and tobacco .
he reached into his pocket and pulled out tobacco for his clay pipe .
chancey inhaled deeply on his pipe , the air forcing his barrel chest to grow even larger , and exhaled slowly .
i might be fascinated with the edible body paint-which i intended to let cole put to good use , what with his innate artistic skill-but it was wood and pipe and brackets and bolts that he was focused on .
`` thanks for the anniversary gift , old man , '' i pipe after him .
i supposed he 'd probably get a real kick out of it if i took his briefcase from him , handed him his sweater , and kissed him on the cheek before leading him to the den to sit in his favorite chair where his slippers and pipe were waiting .
she 'd been spanked as a child , by her father 's hand , a ruler , a hairbrush , a plastic pipe .
domini did n't pipe in to defend him .
he shut the water off , but steam still hissed from a pipe low to the floor , keeping the space warm .
`` some idiot forgot to turn the water off before he started f**king with the pipe . ''
anyway , this guy would n't pipe down . ''
it was simon , skidding to a stop in front of her , not panting-he did n't breathe anymore , she reminded herself-but anxious , clutching a thick length of pipe in his hand .
maia had fallen into a fitful doze against the steam pipe , simon 's jacket draped around her shoulders .
her knee slammed against a pipe as the creature turned a corner , sending a shock wave of pain up her leg .
dragging it across his arm felt like hauling a lead pipe across a football field .
magnus took the pipe out of his mouth .
`` i do n't have a side , clary darling , '' magnus said with a wave of his pipe .
the shape resolved itself into a slim woman , barefoot , her hands chained in front of her to a length of pipe .
she looked down at her wrists , chained to the pipe .
alec pushed away the image of camille in his mind , chained to the pipe , looking at him with those fierce green eyes .
preston chuckled beside me but did n't pipe up .
she heard the bullfrogs crying , and the night birds , and the sound of water all around her , murky , still , yet still moving somewhere , in a rusted pipe perhaps , or against the side of a skiff , she did n't know .
`` the captain tapped his pipe against the side of the boat .
the cozy room looked as if it was missing an englishman with a pipe , reading classics aloud .
but then my heart seemed to stop when the scent of my dad 's pipe lifted through my memory , rising from the paper itself .
boyd calmly scooped up a bent pipe , swinging it dramatically in a loop over his head , gathering the energy his cells could burn in a day into one microsecond pulse .
zach swerved and the pipe hit the ground in front of him .
it hit the pipe and jumped to zach .
one had a pipe , the other a pool stick , the third , a length of chain that he dramatically wrapped around his fist .
chapter twenty-one i said pipe down ! ''
ducking under an iron water pipe , i felt my way , looking for the faintest glimmer of starlight .
i snatched the pipe and took up a stance .
i could n't help my grin , even as i gripped my pipe tighter .
one pipe went straight down , the other up .
i could n't help my grim smile as i settled inside the pipe below the level of the floor .
she allowed herself to be tugged into his lap , he grew hard as a steel pipe .
just as before , merely thinking her name got him hard as a goddamn steel pipe , desire overshadowing his lingering anger .
`` since you 're actually making me do my job , '' she said to hector , pausing a moment to let him pipe in that yeah , okay , she could head back to the car .
and maybe that was why , despite the horror of their conversation , his shaft remained as hard as a steel pipe , throbbing , urging him to arch into her at last and stroke against her cleft .
aeron 's spine became as rigid as a steel pipe .
just what he needed-his dick as hard as a steel pipe and rubbing against the ground , leaving a telltale trail .
yeah , he was hard as a steel pipe .
the steel pipe lodged between the slabs of muscle in his stomach had sunk so deep it now poked out the other side .
for whatever reason - cough john 's tests and rome 's absence cough - that was now nothing more than a pipe dream .
the candor in the corridor yelp and dive out of the way as we spill into the hallway like a burst pipe , dauntless water spreading to fill the empty space .
a long-distance relationship with her had been a momentary pipe dream .
`` that 's the only reason i did n't pipe up and say something . ''
i looked at the chair by the fire , the pipe on the arm , and the copy the hunchback of notre dame on the footstool .
the only thing he did while he was `` cleaning out the garage attic '' was take a few hits from the pipe he hides up there and exhale out the exhaust fan toward bob 's house .
frank s. lights dad 's pipe .
`` it 's ok , '' i pipe up as fiona disappears quickly toward the basement .
i glance up in time to see a lead pipe aiming straight for my head .
`` pipe down , you old bag .
his attention moved to the iron pipe that ran close to the window from the gutters above .
for a moment shock and pain held him silent as he regarded the slender warrior with golden curls and deadly pipe , then with a low , rumbling laugh he collapsed onto the hard stone floor .
`` nice swing , love , '' he murmured , taking in the rusty pipe she clutched in her hand .
there was the soft swish of fabric as the vampire moved behind the barrels , and then the sharp sound of the grate being pulled from the entrance to the drainage pipe .
on the point of lifting herself to her feet , she noticed a short , metal pipe lying just a few inches away .
not allowing herself time to consider , she gave a swing of the pipe directly at the approaching head .
levet fell mercifully silent as they tromped through the guck of the drain pipe .
my heart raced as i wobbled , my bare feet almost losing my grip on the pipe .
dread filled the pit of my stomach as i hoisted myself out of the window once again and balanced myself on the metal pipe directly beneath me .
i hurled myself at the pipe and slid down until my feet hit the grass .
`` sorry , the champagne must have gone down the wrong pipe , '' she said before jumping up from the couch and heading for lori 's guest bathroom .
he was dressed in his club pullover and a pair of dark wool slacks and had a pipe gripped between his teeth .
he wished the slim , metal pipe was the alien 's f**king neck .
my back pressed up against a pipe , and i had to curl into a ball to avoid hitting the sink above me .
he crossed to the object she 'd been trying to make out a few seconds earlier , and she immediately realized it was a small pipe , obviously for drugs .
mother claims she has n't heard from him , but she 's still on the pipe so who knows if she 'd even remember . ''
as he smoked his pipe , she felt his eyes cutting the darkness between them .
now that she was awake , she could smell a hint of the tobacco he smoked in his pipe .
i pipe up for the first time since sitting down ; probably because my brain has been elsewhere .
at first i thought it was a water pipe running from the floor to the ceiling , but when he flipped on the light , i saw that it was a solid metal pole .
for all their savagery , however , it was easy to take out men who lacked the sense to swing a length of pipe at your head .
buying one was a pipe dream , at least until i could afford gas and insurance .
i let out a huff when nash gave me a none too gentle squeeze that was a warning to pipe down , so i returned the favor by jabbing an elbow into his ribs .
the guy with the mouth looked like he was ready to pipe up again when the gawker suddenly snapped his fingers and broke out into a huge grin .
for christmas one year i actually wrote a list for santa that included a pipe , trench coat , and gentlemen 's hat .
troy asked , hefting the pipe like a club .
geordie , too feeble now to do much work , sat and smoked his pipe , saying nothing , as usual .
he removed the pipe , said , `` oh , aye ? ''
there had n't been enough money for an organ , so thomas had blown a note on a pitch pipe , and the congregation had lurched through the hymns they knew by heart .
the man with the pipe sprang to his feet and vaulted over the side to pick up ainsley 's valise .
the boat 's foredeck contained several children , two goats , three dogs , and a man dangling his feet over the bow and smoking a pipe .
he began talking to a man with a pipe , and daniel and angelo joined them , along with eleanor 's father .
the man took a pipe from his coat and shoved it into his mouth , showing missing teeth .
the man brought out a pouch of tobacco and stepped under the cabin 's eave to fill his pipe without rain dropping in it .
`` got another pipe somewhere , '' the man said , seeing hart 's gaze .
reeve stopped to tamp the tobacco into his pipe and relight it .
reeve puffed on his pipe .
to repair it , they 'd have to find every rope in every pipe behind the walls and untangle the lot .
i pulled a black box out of my backpack , took a black cloth out of it , and extracted out an old pipe out of it .
i struck a match , puffed to get the pipe going , and got a mouth full of smoke for my trouble .
i 'd finished the circle , put the pipe away , and sat back on the log .
`` you 'd think the least they could do would be to pipe in some music . ''
found something in the pit near a twisted hunk of pipe - `` `` show me , '' maximus interrupted .
in front of us , the guy who 'd come in second place in the older boys ' division yesterday sped through the pipe , which was basically the bottom half of a tube buried in the snow-an enormous tube with eighteen-foot sides .
chloe yelled after the offending guy , but he was already halfway to the lift back up to the top of the pipe .
`` oooh , '' said the crowd around the pipe .
`` the kid in the pipe just busted his nuts on the deck . ''
as i watched , he slowly stood and used his board as a crutch to hobble out of the pipe .
he could n't do my tricks , but he went much higher , and he was so heavy and powerful that the pipe seemed to grind and bend underneath him .
the slopes were crowded enough today , and enough kids had already gone through the pipe that morning , that the fresh powder had been worked into perfection for a smooth , fast run .
`` i have never seen anybody short of a pro ride the pipe like that . ''
frankly , i found them a refreshing change from sitting on the ground and trying to use an empty coke can as a weed pipe .
at least i remembered to get out and check the exhaust pipe a few times .
he 's a friend , even if he does pee through a pipe .
like fingernail clippings being shaken inside a metal pipe .
she did n't have john 's tray set with his drink poured , pipe out , his favorite spoon lying next to the bottle .
she and his opium and absinthe were all intertwined in his mind , and he loved his pipe and his drink , loved the pleasure she gave him while his mind sharpened and his body floated , while he stretched and strained to achieve an escape from mortality .
between draws on his pipe , the first glass went back smoothly , settling into his limbs and easing the ache .
an opium pipe , one empty bottle of absinthe , second bottle of absinthe one-third empty , empty glass , and spoon on tray on table .
some kind of school project made out of clay , shells , and pipe cleaners lay half completed on the bar separating the cooking area from the table .
how many pipe bombers or car bombers or suicide bombers waited for their shot at the u.s. stronghold on foreign soil ?
he welcomed them with a thick german accent , puffing away on a pipe .
smoke from the fire drafted surprisingly well up the pipe until only the sweet scent of burning wood remained , almost sweet enough to cover the musty smell of bedding and damp clothes .
she had breakfast in one hand and a peace pipe in the other .
he likes living on pipe dreams of what life owes him , instead of what he could actually do to make it on his own . ''
`` does your brother imbibe from a pipe ? ''
the man sat down beside the dying harlequin and took a white clay pipe from his pocket .
they 'd attracted the attention of the pipe smokers .
mr. pynch 's deep voice came from beside the fireplace where he was smoking his nightly pipe .
but he merely nodded his head and sucked on the end of his pipe , blowing fragrant smoke to the side so it would n't get in her eyes .
he nodded and seemed quite content to watch her eat the soup as he smoked his pipe .
the man set his lantern down on the cobblestones in the mews while he dug in a pocket ; then he withdrew a long clay pipe and lit it from the lantern 's flame .
a shoe scraped against the passageway 's stone floor as the man evidently put away his pipe .
her hands were bound , tied to a rusty pipe over her head .
i made it through that pipe i can make it through this . ''
but the pipe had been smaller , it had stunk and been filled with slime , and those things had been right behind us .
he rolled the oilskin open to reveal a small pipe with a single fuse sticking out the end of it .
a cold chill ran down my spine as i froze in the act of pulling out another pipe bomb from within my shirt .
the blessed sting of a hot shower would feel wonderful right now , but that was a pipe dream , and one that i did n't expect to have come true anytime soon .
i was certain that it was n't going to stop until i made it to the end of the pipe , or simply went bonkers .
the air within the pipe was cool and musty like an old stone cellar on a humid day .
i was going to die , not from being trapped in the pipe but because i felt as if my lungs were starting to shut down .
i 'd made it another twenty feet when a rocking bang from above caused the pipe to shudder .
i was n't entirely against death as an option anymore , not if it meant escaping this convoluted pipe .
i heard a gasp from abby as i made it to the end and plunged heedlessly out of the pipe .
i had managed to keep it together in that awful pipe , but it had been too much .
he may have forced jenna into that pipe , he may have even left her behind , but in that moment i knew that he would n't have forced me , and he never would have left me .
five feet to my right , the rest of the pipe was jutting three feet out of the ground .
several pieces of pipe crashed to the floor .
so , they were far enough from town that the gas company did n't pipe natural gas out here .
she was a mortal , and her eyes had sunk half-closed due to the earlier employment of an opium pipe .
`` it 's not a crack pipe , you know .
i look at the wasted bum sitting just outside the office of the landlord who 's obviously been hitting the pipe himself , and i get pissed .
he liked to use the pipe .
he took a step forward , hands already up to reach for the pipe .
the pipe was shoved back into the bag .
`` how about you pipe down and try not to crack a not funny joke for just a few minutes ? ''
maybe if you crawl up in that pipe that goes into the ceiling you could find a way out , or at least find the dining hall or kitchens . ''
it turned out to be part of a sprinkler pipe .
each bedroom also has a small pipe feeding in from that system .
now i needed to block the pipe .
the water gushed out of a pipe set in the wall , normally kept plugged with an insanitary-looking wad of rags , wrapped to form a rough seal around the chunk of wood that served as a plug .
folk said ye could stand three feet away , and no notion that the cave was there , save the smell of the smoke from cluny 's pipe . ''
after several cups of sangria , he had risen , rummaged through the sideboard , and emerged with a large clay pipe .
the priest 's eyes gleamed over the pipe , red as a ferret 's .
one of them , the one with the gun , was smoking a pipe ; it was her tobacco he 'd smelled .
richardson waved his pipe , dismissing it .
put that in your pipe and smoke it , harkness !
they had dined with his family but then come out to the dooryard , ostensibly to share a pipe ; it smoldered in murray 's hand , disregarded for the moment .
he moved a foot or so farther from the hearth , fetching up against the settle on which mr. angus maclaren was sitting , mending his pipe stem .
`` i- '' he began , but with the cruel whim of fate , his throat chose that moment to constrict , and his protest ended in a gurgle like a rusty pipe .
behind the steady beat i could hear a faint rushing sound , like water through a pipe .
i was harder than a steel pipe and ready to pull over and screw her on the side of the road .
`` pipe the f**k down , and remember who you 're talking about . ''
i take another huge toke , and then set the pipe and lighter on my chest .
i stuff the pipe and lighter into the tin , toss the tin into my backpack , shift to a sitting position .
there was a brief burst of conversation as several men left the squadron office and a pipe called repetitively 'stand by to receive gash barge alongside ' .
the intensely sweet aroma from all the floral arrangements stung my nose , while my ears rung from the sound of the enormous pipe organ blasting out the pre-wedding ceremony music .
but the little annoying voice in the back of my head refused to pipe down .
maybe i should drag her ass to the championship , sit her cage side with a pipe in her hands to keep me pissed while i take it out on lamaro .
putting down the game he 's playing , but not the pipe , he keeps his distance , but not his manners .
he towers above the crowds , puffing furiously on his prophecy pipe , glaring down through thick optic filters .
the spider is seated in the drawing room , smoking on a herb pipe .
she was smoking lazily on an opium pipe , its snaking spout coiled around a perfect right breast .
thats quite a tale , she sucked on her opium pipe , and quite a feat to track a simple frequency .
no pipe at all , it was wynn 's fist .
najima told him she was not interested as he lit his pipe , and blew out the smoke .
he tipped his pipe to the flag .
otto grew solemn again , and looked at the smoke that rose from his pipe .
around the mans neck was a collar of iron , welded shut with a chain attached to it leading to an iron pipe sticking out of the cement in the center of the floor .
the woman had a six-inch pipe bomb strapped to her midsection .
after locating a wireless drill and a small drill bit in the pack he brought , he quickly tightened the bit and grabbed the pipe cap .
someone had moved his jacket back and exposed the pipe bomb taped to his chest .
i need a pipe , bronski .
im going to pipe in something good .
through the smoke and into the frenzied ward he found that his shot had missed the guards completely , instead striking the oxygen pipe leading into the ward and taking out the entire entrance to the unit , along with the rest of the soldiers .
it bent the deck up and ceiling down till the entrance looked like a pipe tunnel , and beyond it the bare stars .
'one section of pipe has come adrift at one end .
cragg had a close call as the rogue pipe suddenly lifted off and swung around .
nothing too bad at the moment , but we need to secure the pipe and plug the breach .
i 'll hold the pipe down .
strapping that pipe down was the important thing .
'a pipe we loaded broke loose ? '
we strapped the pipe down .
but that pipe had done serious damage .
she multiplied the damage caused by the wayward pipe five times .
he listened to the claps of rifle shots and the ripping thunder caused by falling cannonballs , the distant , jaunty music from the pipe organ , steam hisses whispering around the emporium .
and , even if i found something hard enough , i would need to raise it up 20 feet to the top pipe to break it .
wilson said that he could use his ring of darkness to blend into the shadows of the car wash and climb up to the pipe .
as i expected , the metal slab latched onto the car 's grill and the rope holding it to the pipe tightened sharply .
that explosion was probably caused by an underground gas pipe that burst during the fight .
wood lit his pipe from the coals , bending down to suck on it so that clarissa feared his beard would catch light also .
he shuffled back to the firepit and lit his pipe again .
yeah , just a pipe dream , he said then got up from his chair .
professor cassell was sitting up in his bed , biting down on his briarwood pipe .
the professor bit down on his pipe and nodded .
porphyry put cups on the table leisurely , sat down and lit a pipe .
he scratched his grey-bristled cheek with the pipe .
at the end of each day she sat on a sewer pipe left over from civil works and opened the unthinkable food ration with hands covered in dust and sweat while her fiery hair lit up in the rays of the setting suns .
winston jumped down to the drain pipe , tumbling among the weeds .
many minutes of fear passed as winston remained wedged in the dark , claustrophobic pipe .
with a super-robotic burst of strength , winston wrenched himself free , thrusting out of the pipe as if shot from a cannon .
it consisted of two lengths of light , strong metal pipe , each about .75 meters long .
they both carried hunks of metal pipe , and hate-filled expressions twisted their faces .
eli scavenged for a few minutes , finding a length of pipe and some old rags to wrap around the end .
titan roared , his claws rattling in the tunnel mouth , but the pipe was too sturdy for him to follow .
he was smoking a pipe and sitting outside the visitors center at little big horn .
he took out his pipe and made to fill and light it .
the bright light was mounted on the front of this carriage and immediately behind i could make out a dwarf in overalls sitting on a small seat sideways on , he held a long smouldering pipe in his teeth .
at this he pointed to the dimming globes above with the end of his pipe as if to confirm what he was describing .
a small crack in an overhead pipe supplied them with enough water to drink , the excess , was taken away by an iron grate in the floor .
a jewish man named ruben cohen 55 years of age ; was smoking a pipe while on the phone talking to his younger brother joshua in damascus , syria .
i insisted minos tie himself to a pipe , in case he had an accident and fell down the shaft .
there were chairs , a lot of paper , a length of pipe and an old tin of dried paint .
the tie knotted itself around a pipe running from the top of one wall to the opposite wall and the galearii hung there , choking .
the taxi had come down like a hammer and severed a fire hydrant from its main pipe .
he hurled himself on top of the pipe holebut he didnt fit .
he jumped on top the pipe holeand fit perfectly .
the pipe on the left carries water from the shower to the recycler and back .
i found a heavy length of pipe from the nearby construction site and smashed all of the glass out of the bottom of the hinged door .
the last image she saw was of a motionless lord lodge sitting on a stone , staring out into the night with only the small puffs of smoke from his pipe signally his consciousness .
lodge asked kindly in between puffs from his pipe .
liam lit a pipe while pierce chomped on an apple , both acting nonchalant as they leaned against some crates and took note of the hotel across the street .
liam nodded and slowly knocked the ash out of his pipe and lazily walked away , blending into the crowd .
in unison , both raised their eyes from the mans wound to a large iron pipe above .
lodge uttered thoughtfully after slowly removing the pipe from his mouth .
lord lodge was reading some documents at his desk , puffing away on his long pipe in deep concentration .
very well , lodge accepted stoically , taking another drink before refilling his pipe .
probably an old drainage pipe or well .
he hands me a jagged piece of pipe and i nod gratefully .
astoundingly , the explosives hold off long enough for me to swing the pipe , catching the officials chest hard , though i had expected to be blown apart .
he noticed the fat length of pipe which she had fed into it and which disappeared in amongst the undergrowth of the forest back the way they had come .
her smile transformed into a brilliant grin before she said hastily , `` i need five pieces of metal pipe , thirteen inches long , three inches in diameter , threaded on both ends ? and with end caps . ''
then , according to liberty 's direction , he chiseled out a small shelf , about a foot below the pipe hole and the size of a hand held walkie-talkie .
`` shut it , '' he said , his teeth clenched around the pipe stem .
the words hung in the air , thick like the smoke from smith 's pipe .
he inhaled deeply and produced a primitive pipe , lighting it with a smoldering stick from the central fire .
carsoon was likely aware of my thoughts about his similarity to smith when it came to smoking that pipe , because he laughed heartily .
he put the pipe down and finally looked up at us .
he lit his pipe , but he did not use a match .
he said as he breathed into the pipe and hung a single note in the air for so long its vibration was nearly visible .
there was a section of road the city dug up to fix a pipe that burst in the cold .
and how did you know how to use it on that pipe ?
the pipe had just been laid and connected at the construction site , for the purpose of feeding gas for the buildings heating system .
from within a gash in the side of the ships hull , a ruptured pipe spewed some sort of green vapor into space .
the judge pointed the tip of his pipe at me .
the door , the windows , the exhaust pipe , every orifice the ship had .
got off a dealer in stonetown , boston says , taking out a silver pipe that has what looks like a miniature electrical fan set into its end .
you give the pipe back to john .
keira love takes a hit and then starts screaming loudly for a long , uncomfortable moment , before giving the pipe back to john .
a ni-perchta kid , maybe thirteen , sits on the hood of a 55 chevrolet that 's dying of rust , smoking a valis pipe .
he reached into the pocket of his red flannel shirt and fumbled around before recalling that he 'd left his pipe on the ticket counter , and that it would n't do him any good anyway , because he had had nothing to put in it for ages .
buckman knew all the things they were trying , the pipe noise , lack of sleep , meals at odd times , were all planned to make him sit and think about what happened .
we had a cordless drill , and i managed to keep it charged for a time using the batteries from the other buses , but when that finally died , jack had to fashion hand drills using drill bits , pipe fittings , and a few random odds and ends .
twice i saw the driver brain a zombie with that pipe , knocking it down or slowing it and giving time for the gunners to finish it .
the pantry was cool and moist , with a sink at the far end , clear water streaming into it from a pipe .
and then i want to be able to turn to the obituary section and read about how the perpetrator didnt fare so well because his wind pipe was crushed .
she held the pipe in her mouth , then parted her robe a little to remove a necklace that hung low between her breasts .
the girl flashed a smile of crooked teeth and handed the pipe to her new friend .
the engine shrieked , then smoke poured from its exhaust pipe and the thing lurched forward and back .
it was connected to the ground by a pipe several inches wide .
i explore the warehouse and find two screwdrivers , a lead pipe , and a metal chain .
she ducked under the conveyer belt , grabbed the pipe , and continued under the machine to the safety of the other side and before the t-5 locked on her with its targeting program , kat ran around the machine and whacked it in the head .
the guard fired as he grabbed at the steel in his wind pipe , and the wild shot hit the glass front door and shattered it .
then it came to me long after this , that the hole was just an exaggeration of a sink pipe i had been looking down into .
robert went into his long windup and threw the pitch right down the pipe .
a leaky pipe dripped onto the concrete somewhere nearby , but all else stood quiet .
mr. beamer would light his corn-cob pipe , draw his over-sized straw hat down closer towards his soft inviting eyes , and recline in his old rickety rocking chair ; the stories would just flow out of his mouth like a sunday sermon delivered from the revered reverend howard honestman .
a leaky pipe dripped off somewhere in the distance .
time-travel is a pipe dream that i think we all know is more fanciful and more dangerous than our alien friends let on .
he swallowed a mouthful saliva down the wrong pipe , almost coughed his guts up .
he died immediately , the pipe severing his spinal cord .
he cut the pipe and it let out a dribble onto the floor .
if you wont have any more rum , then perhaps you would enjoy a pipe with me ?
you would do well to at least give the appearance of enjoying a pipe , as it is very much our custom and in certain company it might very well be a health hazard to refuse a smoke .
the captain quickly reached over and took the pipe and splint from jeffs hands as jeff struggled to breathe .
thanks , i think , jeff said , grasping the pipe and raising the mouthpiece slowly to his mouth .
the pipe is great truly a beautiful piece , he said admiring the detailing on what appeared to be carved ivory .
as the waning traces of tobacco burned up in jeffs pipe , he turned to the captain , if youll excuse me , captain , would you direct me to the to the what ?
the men finished the food and the captain stood up and pulled out his pipe box .
jeff followed suit and managed to light his own pipe without choking .
the moon was quite high in the sky by the time they reached the ship and jeff could see the glow of fire as a sentry lit his pipe standing against the rail on the near side of the ship .
the idea of going home was starting to feel like a pipe dream .
between eating like this and smoking a pipe this month , im going to need a dozen procedures at medical .
ted chomped his pipe between his side teeth and opened the door .
ted lit his pipe .
ted set his pipe down .
she eyeballed him and the metal staff that looked like it was actually a chunk of plumbing pipe .
it took well over an hour , and xeros wounds were screaming in pain from all of the movement , but at last they heard a resonating clunk as his pipe struck the solid metal of the crawlers anchor .
hey there chief , i know we just met and xero gave you the okay , but youre on my turf , and policy says no outsiders get weapons around the negotiation table , neptune said , trying to use her most diplomatic tone , and motioned towards the pipe with her chin .
im going to give you to the count of three to hand over that fucking pipe peacefully , she said .
neptune , dont , xero said and tried to keep her friend from grabbing the metal pipe , but neptune was far too fast .
get the lads together tonight in the pipe fitters locker room .
a variety of unnerving visions came and went , mostly consisting of me tumbling out of the pipe , only to be accosted by a group of unforgiving guards with massive weapons and no reason not to fire them .
but before id had chance to digest that nugget of information , the deafening roar of an engine filtered through the pipe and the ship slowly began to ascend .
with its only impediment removed , water gushed from the pipe and eroded away a large swath of ground where the building had stood before .
he rapidly smacked it against a metal plate attached to the pipe and winced at the loud clanging that echoed all around him .
we 've gone over every single place where a pipe or conduit or anything else breeches our silo walls .
through the haze again over her eyes , she saw her golden mother giving her the doll , her father in the background stepping back from lighting the candles on the cake , using the same match on his pipe .
the pipe was far too excellent to be crafted by don 's hand .
impaled himself on a pipe in the basement .
butif it was a sewer pipe , wouldnt we be smelling the scent of excrement and whatever chemicals were used to destroy said substance ?
the former belekki player thrust himself backwards into the river with his last ounce of strength and disappeared down the drainage pipe , and once he was gone , the water continued to flow merrily through the canal as if nothing had ever breached its brackish , foul surface .
one of them struck a match and held it under the bowl of the metal pipe , listening to the molasses-like blue substance inside the bowl crackle as it slowly cooked .
jurkken sucked on the pipe and felt the taste of the gukka smoke in his mouth .
jurkken glanced at both of his friends before handing the gukka pipe to the krokator on the left .
jurkken passed the pipe along and cleared his throat .
hess reached a large pipe running from floor to ceiling and stuck his hand behind it .
he drove the hills above tiburon and , as usual , there was granpap on the porch of his cabin , the eternal pipe in his mouth .
granpap smacked the pipe and sparks flew upward .
there was a pipe running very close to the wall leaking a thin stream .
the van had a faint plume of exhaust fumes coming from the tail pipe and the license plate frame was empty .
his leader , marek , and the rest of their revolutionary team had been monitoring the cycling schedule carefully for a week in order to gain access to the building before the water was redirected through the pipe hurbef had taken into the palace .
as he passed a blonde surf babe , or lovely lisa , as drake liked to refer to beautiful ladies , she announced to all in the bar , enter drake powers , three time world champion and the first man ever to land a three sixty power roll at pipe !
one of the men , a human , stirred a pot full of stew while the other , a dwarf , sat and smoked a pipe .
gungrier put his pipe down and looked into the fire , the light reflecting in his grey eyes .
the dwarf lit his pipe and stared at the sky , thoughts of his wife and son on his mind .
he lifted his goggles and set about lighting his serious thinking pipe .
captain faraday thought for a moment , chewed with unusual vigour on the stem of his pipe and then allowed the hatch to slide closed .
there was a broken pipe in one house .
oh , will you pipe down ?
james spent his childhood racing up and down the streets in his hometown of chronix bay , as he is chasing pipe dreams and ice-cream covered fantasies .
he wore a red velvet robe and held a pipe puffing away .
she motioned toward the pipe and lute players who had stopped playing when the yelling began .
aaron rushed over to pick her up as the ceiling above bowed downwards , pieces of pipe and wood snapping and popping horribly .
inspect the next fifty yards of pipe toward the boiler .
after a nerve-racking few seconds of escalating rumbling , a nearby pipe ruptured , sending a thunderous clap reverberating down the tunnel and throwing the workers against the catwalk .
acting on raw training , she grabbed a wrench and began to tap on the pipe .
the nearer she came to the boiler , the thicker the pipe became , joining with others that branched off toward other parts of the facility and other parts of the island .
she grasped an overhead pipe and hauled herself up to plant her boots on the lever and force it with all of her weight and strength .
their combined effort finally wrestled the valve fully open , and a geyser of stagnant water sprayed from the pipe above , followed by a column of steam that nearly reached the clouds .
he asked , nervously running his fingers through his hair and checking his reflection in the fresh pipe section .
the barbed thing was well planted , but shed had more than her share of experience fighting with stubborn valves and levering sections of pipe into place .
well , those two are still working , and these two are on sections of ruptured pipe .
the number of times her pipe investigations had taken her to the deck gave her ample opportunities to immerse herself in the frightening view .
unless the speaking tube is busted , his voice will come out of the pipe right there .
he proposes that we pass around the proverbial peace pipe with ysenof and pauline .
i gripped the pipe with both my hands and held it back like a bat .
sobs escaped my lips as i raised the pipe .
he smoked a long pipe and composed verse in the ancient style , commenting on the passing seasons with a subtle mix of gentle wit and sublimated passion .
`` it does n't sound much like a prayer , '' said den'ma thoughtfully , tapping out the ashes in his pipe and refilling it from a pouch he wore at his neck .
when ricky rebooted , dale was putting together some parts ; a few pieces of pipe and a piece of sheet metal .
the sphere was about one foot off the ground with the water pipe visible and then disappearing into the ground .
the drag slowed her down as she approached the lip of her watery track and as she almost pushed past the slight indentation that marked the edge of the stream an unpredictable strand of high turbulence threw her back to the center of the half pipe and the speed jumped back to 539 mph .
`` so , what 's with the pipe ? ''
he looked down to see a small steal pipe going through his side , blood drooled from his mouth .
the bathroom sink had a hole in the pipe i hadnt fixed yet .
lani had hoover pipe the view from the outside camera to one of her other monitors .
he began rummaging through his cloak and producing a short wooden pipe and a pouch of fragrant tobacco cured in vanilla and madera wine .
fazil also brought aboard a pipe smoking human male deck hand and riverine navigator with a grizzled black beard .
we turned the lights on our helmets on and started walking down the pipe .
i expected the platform to take us to the end of the pipe .
chatham lit a pipe .
another pull on the pipe .
each dawn , small plastic tubes were sent into the living quarters by an underground pipe system delivering a series of capsules .
it looked like a pipe , sticking out into the room about two inches with an opening in the front .
if all goes according to plan , we will have been there and have our pipe bombs set up well before the flame-tank and escort group arrive .
alex was down below on the roadside equally spacing out the pipe bombs .
thats the signal to blow the pipe bombs .
cullen had secured me to a pipe so he did n't have to touch me during our ride .
inching the lever down , the pipe soon straightened out .
the pipe flew out of the press and hit another machine across the room .
the end of the pipe buckled .
they controlled things from the levels of atmosphere in each section of the complex , the calibration and timing of the vacuum pipe transport system , to the repair schedule of the ships that needed maintenance .
but there , along one of the pipe lift routes , a red dot moved down .
the leaky sink pipe in the kitchen had caused so much water damage in the walls that they finally gave out , which in turn flooded my entire apartment .
there were no walls ; hence no boundaries , the only time you got some freedom from the group was when you walked in the passages of the sewer or proceeded to the old runoff water pipe for an ice cold shower .
life had become a routine , mornings wed all walk down the sewer passageways , following the route which took us to a city pipe line just a few miles away from the bunker .
eventually i had collected all the washing and made my way to the runoff pipe .
if i could leap off the flight of stairs outside from the balcony , i figured i could maybe and this was a big maybe catch onto the pipe and somehow slide down to the floor .
the stench made her feel sick and it was coming from a stagnant river that ran along the centre of the pipe with a walkway on either side .
she saw the number '12 ' to the right and he pointed down that pipe , then set off again .
said alex and pushed herself through the hole and back into the pipe , running as the first of the giants came thumping in from another direction .
this way , cried bear and he sped down the pipe and deeper into the creatures ' lair .
i reached out and grabbed the ruptured pipe , pulling myself up .
i was perfectly fine , enjoying the quiet of morning , when i came up short at a leaking pipe .
i came undone , crying over a leaking pipe and a lost loved one .
a pipe broke upstairs in mrs. lighters apartment .
charleythats the superhell fix the pipe and clean up the mess and believe it or not , i do have renters insurance , so ill start a claim if anything gets damaged .
the high marshal crushed his pipe in his hand , his face screwed up , damoclus !
its just a stinky old water pipe ... sirias decided finally , in disgust .
ignore him hes harmless really ... the high marshal waved , packing tobacco into his pipe .
this is just another one of your pipe dreams .
my heart was beating harder the drums in a military pipe band and i felt nervous , but i forced myself to calm down .
finally he took the pipe out and tapped it in the ashtray to get out the used tobacco , and looked at me squarely .
with the blistering heat fingering his flesh , he plunked out the metal pipe holding the freezer door shut .
i took the tiniest of puffs , and handed him back the pipe .
kane lit the pipe and took several large hits of the pungent-smelling mixture .
edward snatched the crank pipe out of krishna 's hands and snarled , you bogarting bitch , krishna !
frank just stood there holding the big pipe wrench hed carried throughout the night .
using the palm of her hand , she cleared some of the small rocks off of a metal pipe .
here the water isnt falling out of a high pipe , its spraying in a multitude of small streams with deliberate force .
if theres anything beneath us , vermillion would have to send a larger , stronger bot in at some point , if only to replace a heavy pipe .
some of the fluid went down the wrong pipe .
the rocket was aimed at a pipe running up the side of an apartment building , the closest edifice to the stone-state embassy on the saints left .
the pipe and exploded , yes , but the siopane fuel that was ignited created a massive follow-up detonation .
that round pipe had three slits at chest level , where sliding compartments just a few millimeters tall , each with a handle , could be placed or removed .
dastou said , the trickle of water reaching the ground as if the pipe was casually relieving itself .
the water flowing into the room from the crack in the pipe was not enough to overwhelm that gap and fill the room for now , so there was time to think .
there was a spigot on the pipe , near the ovens , a single large turn wheel above it .
the saint climbed onto the workbench below the spigot , slipped the pipe into a spoke on the turn wheel , and applied some force to loosen it .
the water pipe behind dastou ruptured violently , the spigot , wheel , and a chunk of the ceramic around it blown off to hit the far wall .
too many questions needed answers , and the water wasnt going to stop flowing out of the broken pipe .
the saint put the knife away , grabbed the club , and looked at the hole in the ceramic pipe .
each hit opened the hole in the ceramic pipe a tiny bit more , and dark green chips from it floated on the water , which was now halfway up the walls and technically at about the same height as his eyeballs if he stood in it .
in a couple of minutes he had opened up the hole by about another third , the pipe starting to vibrate .
before he could jump away , the pipe buckled again , groaned , and pretty much blew apart right behind him .
it was rising fast , the rush of liquid coming out of the pipe a loud white noise .
the downtownerrr jumped on my back , bending my wing , and trrried to hit me with a piece of brrroken pipe .
the roundish scar on his back from the heated metal pipe was a permanent reminder that he couldnt keep secrets .
you must be an important royal whatsit , said stumpy chewing on an empty pipe .
`` he spent an hour insisting he could fix our water systems and pipe it all the way up to the top floor .
i felt the exhaust pipe and the lines that snaked across the ceiling toward the command capsule .
getting over the railing and onto the pipe had been easy .
the pipe he had jumped down from was head height and would have been easy to scramble up on with two arms but not with just the one .
he yelled and rapped the baton against the pipe .
when he was past the larger pipe and underneath the walkway , there was space enough to stand , ankle deep in the filthy water .
from this side he was able to scramble on top of the sewage pipe .
still she kept her weight on the pipe .
the next item thrown was a length of pipe as long as her forearm .
another chunk of pipe struck her in the back , glancing off of her biometal spine .
`` sorry , '' she yelled as he stumbled away , another pipe nearly struck her in the back of the head .
sleep was a pipe dream , and around two they agreed they needed to turn off the television for a more serious attempt .
it bounced off the pipe and flung away into the plains .
the rock slid into the pipe and then tightly lodged in the guns mouth .
the air backfired and exited the rear of the pipe , causing the helicopter to lose control suddenly .
this from one of the cops crouched back by the van where it idled on the roadway : vapor curling from the exhaust pipe and lifting into the air .
his voice sounded as if it were coming from a pipe .
the pipe looked too narrow for him to crawl through on his own .
the pipe snaked between machinery and when ishmael estimated that they had crossed the intersection , it began to climb in a series of tight turns .
he scanned the tunnel for a weapon and picked up a length of discarded pipe .
ishmael stood over him and drove the pipe into the nape of the soldiers neck .
the bot immediately turned and rolled back down to where they had first entered the tunnel by the pipe .
on the other side , the bot rolled into a narrow pipe and ishmael had to grab hold of the grab rail and let himself be again dragged along .
soon the pipe became so steep that he had to crawl and then he saw a set of vanes at the end .
within seconds , he heard the sound of metal on the pipe brackets behind him .
he shouldered his weapon , still gripped by an arm , and held the pipe tightly .
he grabbed the pipe to stop himself falling further but his fist closed around the wrist of the terminated bot instead .
he reached the platform and continued onto the ladder , which took a crazy route towards the pipe cluster .
she caught herself before she could fall over , but her torso came perilously close to the jutting end of the pipe .
he somehow got there first , wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her away from the pipe before it could impale her .
the car scrapes along a water pipe but we squeeze through and skid into a broad street lined with tall trees .
i know where it comes from , axel , slow to pipe up but quick to furl his brow in aggravation .
she 'd gone inside the multifunction mining machine to repair a busted pipe and the whole thing collapsed .
he passes the pipe to many horses , who speaks also .
wolf smiles and passes the pipe around .
mother like horses , good ones work for us and make babies , ones she not like we sell for money , says wolf as he lights a pipe .
shame history didnt stop at horses , i agree , accepting the pipe from coati .
okay , time for pipe , food , digest , take dream journey .
in the best chair in the living room , barris sat bent over a hash pipe he had been putting together for days .
at the monitor , fred jumped up ; transfixed , on monitor two he saw barris , still seated , return to painstakingly winding string around and around the bowl of his hash pipe .
barris continued winding the string of his hash pipe , and now a small snide smile appeared on his face , at the corners of his mouth .
but when i do hash ... '' she had gotten out her very own little round ceramic hash pipe , like a sand dollar , which she had made herself , and was lighting it .
she lay back , setting down the hash pipe .
both luckman and arctor laughed , and so did jim barris ; he had returned sometime during the two hours and was with them , working on his funky hash pipe , winding white string .
on at least far enough so they could ditch the hash pipe if an officer came along .
donna inhaled from the hash pipe and contemplated the lights spread out below them ; she smelled the air and listened .
the smell of it , as the pipe flared into irregular burning , befouled the natural air .
`` but , '' frazer pointed out , lighting his pipe with shaking fingers , `` it 's highly therapeutic .
the man finished tamping , slipped his foot into a waiting boot , then lit the pipe with the anachronistic lighter in his left hand .
drake smollett removed the pipe from the vicinity of his face .
he pointed with the stem of his pipe to the dial .
so that we 'd never suspect that one or two of them were dummies ... dingo , which pipe is it ? ''
dr. henree , in a not too comfortable chair , huddled his thin body together and seemed to be trying to extract warmth from his pipe , for his large-knuckled hands hovered closely about its bowl .
we pipe enough water down from the polar caps for all we need .
that government official paused in his careful task of lighting a pipe ; his dark eyes flicked in whistler 's direction and his beaked nose stood out sharply and prominently against the rectangle of window behind him .
'in fact ' - he pointed the stem of his pipe at the other -'your own treatise on extinct primates has been distributed everywhere .
his nose was big and rather red , and he smoked a pipe .
mcfarland took out a pipe , filled it , inspected its contents thoroughly , and said , with a queer intentness .
`` perhaps you 're a judge of pipe dreams , professor , '' said chen , `` but i intend to see , that research into immortality begins .
he told me this when i swore with great earnestness that i had not broken his pipe .
consider it.sentient beings used as substitutes for anchors , for toothbrushes , for pipe welds .
keeps you busy while you 're thinking what to say , and it does n't cost money the way lighting up a pipe does .
baley lit his pipe and tightened its baffle carefully .
he inverted the pipe itself over the desk 's small ash vacuum and let the powdery white tobacco ash vanish .
he thrust back the pipe , the bowl of which he had already taken into his hand in anticipation of automatic permission .
r. daneel walked to the trash-disposal pipe .
he kept his voice painfully steady as he reached for his pipe and for the little bag that held his precious crumbs of tobacco .
embarrassingly enough , the intense experience he had passed through left him with a keen desire for a pipe of tobacco something he thought he had done away with altogether better than a year before .
we left the concealed passage for a dimly lit room halfway between a den and a library , thick with books and comfortable leather chairs and the scent of pipe smoke .
dess emerged first , a long metal pipe balanced over one shoulder , like a spear ready to be thrown .
he had been running a new pipe to the ducks ' water trough .
doing the shopping , laying pipe for the ducks ' water trough - anything .
he removed a pipe from his pocket , along with a small tin of prince albert tobacco .
nicodemus lit the pipe with a match and puffed on it a few times , watching my face with a little smile on his lips .
nicodemus toyed with the bowl of his pipe .
the individual tanks stretched away from him - all around - like so many sections of gray culvert pipe waiting to be assembled into something useful ... like a drain .
`` tell me , '' lurine said , smoking away on her cheap algerian briar pipe -- it was all she had been able to purchase from a peddler ; the u.k. rose briars were too dear -- and watching him acutely , `` what it was like that time you took those methamphetamines and saw the devil . ''
he filled and lit a pipe , puffed for a moment .
but the pond feeds the city 's water supply , and eventually the slippers clog the pipe guards dispatched to release the stricture find the slippers and recognize them , for everyone knows the slippers of this notorious miser .
then he wondered if maybe the guy had some kind of busted pipe or groundwater down there .
thomas ran in , raising his pipe , ready to beat his way past the appendages , find his way to the handle .
the spinning saw flew toward his chest and he dodged to the left , swinging the pipe around as he did .
he used the pipe to whack at anything that came near him .
`` lead pipe ... '' marty said , shaking his head .
steve , the huge and handsome , masculine negro janitor of the building c or rather his robant simulacrum c appeared then , smoking his pipe and nodding cordially to them all .
in this way , molecules moved progressively toward the center of the structure , until assembly was completed , and they were discharged into the central pipe .
i jumped over a pipe , stepped around a standing electrical box , and ducked down .
i had no time to get out of the way , i just turned sideways and braced myself against a big three-foot pipe against the coming impact .
he leaned back against a pipe on the wall .
the foam sputtered and hardened on the pipe .
it was made of three-inch pipe .
`` private zombie , you have two seconds , exactly two seconds , to seal that sewer pipe posing as a mouth , or i will incinerate your ass with the rest of the infested alien sons of bitches ! ''
77 scuttling forward on my stomach , worrying that i 'm too heavy for the supports and that at any second the entire section of pipe will collapse , i scoot along the shaft , pausing at each juncture to listen .
while he did so , he carefully filled his pipe with tobacco , lit it , and tamped it down .
his pipe went out .
manchek 's pipe went out .
because of the taste of salt from the interior bulkhead he knew it was a cooling pipe leak , recycled seawater , nothing to worry about now that they were headed topside .
`` the security chaps have had us at this floating sewer pipe half the night .
`` here you are in a nice perambulating sewer pipe with ple -- '' `` up ! ''
`` it 'd be like nosing into a one-way pipe , '' said ramsey , `` we 'd have to follow the thermal current of uncontaminated water .
a. wealthy individual might be buried with a length of iron pipe connecting his casket to the ground above , and a trusted family servant would be required to remain at the cemetery , day and night , for a month or more , on the chance that the deceased would suddenly awake and begin to call for help .
he looked at his pipe .
`` no , not even a pipe , '' baker said .
he could see the direction the pipe was going - around the side of the store .
shakily , anderton lit his pipe .
seated in the cabin of the truck , anderton got out his pipe and shook tobacco into it .
`` they say there 's a path that hardly anyone knows about or uses except for kids , and they say there 's a pipe .
the pipe beneath slanted down at a forty-five-degree angle , and richards guessed that its bore could be no more than two and a half feet .
when his head was below the level of the floor , he pressed his knees against the sides of the pipe to hold himself steady , and worked his arms up above his head .
it was very bright in the pipe now , and getting warmer .
his buttocks were pushing against the solid ceramic facing above the entrance to the horizontal pipe .
this pipe was narrower still ; his shoulders scraped lightly on both sides each time his chest rose in respiration .
minus 068 and counting he made slow , molelike progress for about fifty yards through the horizontal pipe , backing up blindly .
the sides of the pipe were hot to the touch now .
his shoes were suddenly in water , cold and shocking after the heat of the pipe .
he paused for just a moment to stare back into the tiny pipe with its soft circle of reflected fireglow .
the light was stronger here , revealing the brown waterstains that blotched the wallpaper , the dead flies , souvenirs of summer past , on the windowsills , the old linoleum creased with black lines , the pile of wet wrapping paper under the leaking drain pipe .
she selected a small but perfect washer , rejecting a heavy length of pipe .
`` he will attract a lead pipe to the head , '' bulkowsky said , `` if he shows up in colombia . ''
he was busy lighting his pipe when the door opened and barney mayerson appeared , looking sheepish and worn .
`` danm it , miss fugate , '' leo said , smoking rapidly on his pipe , `` i hate to think what that is under there .
the boy explained that each morning a servant flushed the pipe with scented water , then placed a fresh bouquet of sweet-smelling herbs in a clip on the wall .
it 's a foolish pipe dream , this civil war stunt .
syn said that at one point during the fight , uncle hauk had ripped a piece of pipe from the bar itself to beat down one of his attackers who came after him with a machete . ''
the four-foot-diameter pipe that led into the building tore itself apart , blasting up along its length .
he himself carried a yard-long length of steel pipe .
matt 's other hand clenched on the pipe he carried .
matt picked up the length of sharpened pipe from the floor .
the professor puffed on a pipe as he stared out at the turmoil .
george waved his pipe forward .
nothing like crawling through a sewage pipe .
george smoked his pipe .
george replaced his pipe , his eyes on the sky .
kouwe spoke around the stem of his pipe .
`` i 'm afraid there 's no smoking inside , '' their escort said to professor kouwe , indicating the lit pipe .
kouwe slipped out a pouch and tamped some locally grown tobacco into the pipe , then lit it with a single match .
kouwe studied the glowing tip of his pipe .
kouwe removed his pipe , his eyes wide .
he finally stopped , puffing deeply on his pipe .
the indian shaman stood near the swamp , smoking his pipe .
behind nate , kouwe already had his pipe lit and was talking with dakii .
his father tamped some more tobacco into his pipe .
a thick steel pipe pierced his chest , impaled through by the force of the blast .
bennett spent a long introspective moment with his pipe .
the room was paneled in dark mahogany and smelled vaguely of pipe tobacco .
but it was a pipe dream .
ischke raised her pipe , plainly skilled in the art of staff fighting .
once out into the night , jack used an abandoned length of pipe to prop the door closed .
the place smelled of wood smoke and pipe tobacco .
it was really just one monstrous pipe .
it looked like she carried a length of pipe and a small shield of some sort .
kat strode across the meadow , hefting the shield to test its weight and swinging the pipe to judge its balance .
she used her pipe like a golf club and batted it square in the front sensors , crushing the electronics and sending it flying .
she was ready for the second , striking out with her pipe , swinging for the bleachers .
she dropped back to the ground long enough to shove her shield on her forearm and tuck the pipe through her panties , like a sword in a scabbard .
on the screen , a small cursor ran down that fat pipe and stopped at a single name at the end .
she plucked a magnetized pipe wrench of suitable size for skull cracking out of an eva kit , then went down the crew ladder to the deck below .
`` sorry , boss , '' amos replied with a grunt as he yanked one end of the broken pipe free .
if alex had to make a course correction , the floating pipe could turn into a projectile massive enough to kill amos or break the roci .
if you leave it again without a direct order , i 'll have the xo beat you to death with a pipe wrench . ''
he was carrying a length of black metal pipe in each hand .
everything he 'd done was as subtle as a lead pipe to the kneecap , until this .
all that counted now was keeping things civilized until they found out if holden 's mad plan was more than a pipe dream .
he pushed his oily black hair out of his eyes and took another long puff on his pipe .
he put his feet up on the dash and took another long puff on his pipe .
then scotty , puffing on his pipe .
that way nothing goes missing and shows up later as a pipe bomb . ''
his fingers touched the cloth bag containing his pipe , a book of matches from the hotel andra in seattle , and the tobacco .
the nights he 'd sat contentedly before a fire , smoking his pipe .
once , finch 's father had shown him an old tobacco pipe .
warily , finch put the pipe to his eye .
`` the owner of this pipe ran a network of spies .
finch remembers that pipe when he 's working on his overlay .
but who were still , at the end of the day , captured inside a pipe .
even the little tobacco pipe he 'd shown james as a youth .
he even began to smoke a pipe .
he liked to take a stalk of sedge weed and hold it in his mouth like a pipe , gnawing on the end , a wide-brimmed hat shading his face .
'hey , son of zeus , could ya pipe down up there , i 'm trying to take a nap ! '
even the camp followers were prettier than she was , and up in the castle lord tyrell feasted king renly every night , whilst highborn maids and lovely ladies danced to the music of pipe and horn and harp .
the slap of cold water against my body is like an alarm going off , snapping me from a long winter 's hibernation , and i reach up and grab the showerhead pipe coming from the wall and tell claire i think i 've got it ; i think i can stand ; she can let go .
the pipe breaks off at the joint with a metallic squeal and the cold water gushes out in a ropey snarl .
i was n't sure i could break a steel pipe with my bare hands , but i was pretty sure .
that 's why claire did n't die when i rammed a broken pipe into her neck and why , after the initial gush , the bleeding quickly stopped .
was nasa unable to pipe the signal to bremen ? ''
it stood atop three legs made from pvc pipe and old satellite dishes .
i asked as we toed our way down a metal ladder bolted to the side of ... well , to the side of an enormous pipe .
the pipe was all dry and full of stuff .
i started up the ladder , and the pipe soon got narrower and darker around me .
thats a massive , metal reinforced , asbestos and ceramic pipe , which vents the lava from the deep inner earth to the outside , through the mouth of the volcano .
* * * i have talked to several international financiers and gnomes of zurich mr. ellydar morgan said to ded moroz , puffing his pipe two secret , anonymous accounts have already been opened for you in switzerland and austria in the name of two bogus , offshore trust companies .
a large pipe made from the same material as the sphere ran out of its top and into the panel in the ceiling from which the sphere had lowered .
dormer let go of the pipe and walked over to the large door .
dormer reached into the machine and grabbed the pipe firmly with both hands .
she reached out and touched a pipe that ran down along the wall from the ceiling .
father sat in his seat at the head of the table and took his pipe from his shirt pocket .
mccamy results , grinning with a wicked smile , dropping the garden hose pipe while extending his arms around her petite body .
hixson holds tight as he kicks boots at the legs of fox as sly fox trots backwards keeping the pose trying to cut hixsons eyeball with the sharp point then pemona two-fisted slams the bite-nats lead pipe into foxs left rib cage as fox crumbles in pain .
i leap , t-rex galloping at the armed man who elegantly twirls the long lead pipe with some talent using both his hands vertical like a majorette baton .
tom kisses my exhaust pipe of my zipper via the comfone .
so , guardian-angels are made of fluff and puff for good energy that flows throughyou kinda like a garden hose pipe propelling them around the cosmic .
steam hissed from a burst pipe overhead .
she looked relieved as she pointed at the pipe again .
she pulled just enough energy from inside of her to shear the pipe from its setting ; with one quick explosion of blue plasma , its circular opening hung loose against the vat wall .
he ran to the broken pipe on the side of the tank and put his arm inside of it up to his elbow , then closed his eyes .
an enormous yellow fireball erupted from his arm and shot into the pipe .
the yellow fireball obliterated the pipe as it rushed toward the ceiling , exploding it outward like a cannonball fired into a cardboard tube .
the machine nearest the wall exploded as fire shot down its feeder pipe from above .
the place was bustling with people having fun , merry pipe music , acrobatic tricks , and trade .
the mayor yelled , and hit his pipe on the table .
ossen sat at the opposite end of the table , sucking hard on a stubby darkwood pipe and blowing streamers of strongly-scented smoke from his thin nostrils .
will you two pipe down , nevi called down in a harsh whisper .
if this is the right pipe , it goes right up to the roof frame and then there are several different spaces we can check out to get to the outside .
hurry up , you pipe plug !
the roofing material itself had crumbled around the pipe and through it they could feel the sharp winter breeze and see a small patch of the late evening sky .
instead of stopping at the group , however , chello continued to the vent pipe that lead back to their normal haunts .
then he tossed the papers away and giggled quietly as he dashed suddenly into the pipe and down into the depths of the building .
when they got to the vent pipe that led to the roof torus stopped and spoke to his friends .
he banged the weighted end of his needle against the pipe for emphasis .
he half ran and half fell down the pipe , and burst out the hole at the bottom to crash laughing into his friends .
someone had put a fork through the main irrigation pipe .
as foley opened the petrol cap and inserted the pipe end , the attendant started to frenziedly work a large handle to pump up the petrol .
was it connected with the way that burst water pipe had originally saved her from the firemen and their hoses full of flame ?
fane pulled an ivory pipe from his vest , leaned back , and put it to his lips .
fane pulled a short-stemmed pipe from his pocket and lit the tip .
fane tapped the pipe and brought it to his mouth .
our driver picked up a length of pipe he had stored under his seat and stepped outside to defend the people as they filed out .
yeah , a lots gone on though , pipe .
well , pipe , if she would have stayed in the car , it would have been all right , but nooooo , she had to get something outta the trunk .
my leg had rubbed up against the exhaust pipe and it singed the skin right off . ''
`` so , '' he went on nonchalantly , after lighting his pipe with a burning twig and taking a few puffs from it .
he leaned back and took another thoughtful drag on his pipe before going on .
aeros nodded and tapped out his pipe against the side of the bench .
she clung onto a vertical pipe as she wrestled with her darkening thoughts and fought back a cramping feeling in her heart , eyes wide as she breathed shallowly .
i leap , t-rex over the sofa as two legs twirl in the air like riding a bicycle ( really cool move ) .while i fly like a kite towards an armed male , who twirls like a baton a lead pipe vertical between ten finger pads and then stupidly charges like a bull .
theres a drain pipe on the left .
protruding from the ash-covered side of the pit was a pipe that must have been the pilot light .
he felt a sharp pain in the back of his head and turned to see a rusted over jagged pipe behind him .
i needed to speak with my team , so i pulled my own pipe from my pocket .
my meerschaum pipe was a piece of fine craftsmanship with a carved head of zeus .
keeping the pipe in hand , i turned the stem until i felt something click .
something small flew from the front of the pipe and the man before me grunted and raised his hand to his neck , but it never made it .
those who paid water rent and constructed a connecting pipe could have water delivered directly into their homes as we had .
in his other hand , he held a funny-looking pipe , flat and made of polished wood .
she gave him back the canteen and the pipe .
you dont need a drag off the pipe to feel the effects of the jimsen weed .
after twenty or so minutes had passed , stan dug his pipe from his pocket and lit it .
the smoke from his pipe permeated the air in the screened porch .
he relit his pipe .
the bullet went right through his neck puncturing his wind pipe .
hotter and hotter , the fire burned until it felt like i was grasping a hot metal pipe , but i didnt stop .
the door opened and brendan appeared holding a tobacco pipe .
a trapper beside the fat man pulled a musket ( i know now , then i only saw a long , metal pipe , from the folds of his coat ) and pointed it my direction .
our love is an ever-shrinking shackle around your throat that never has the good graces to crush your pipe and let you die .
it was the distinct sound of a metal pipe being struck by a hard object , a wrench or a stone perhaps .
what , he asked , has this peasant done besides play a pipe tolerably well ?
just below the window and running the whole length of the wall was a pipe .
one end of this pipe was impossible to reach .
he nodded and walked along the patio roof to the wall , reached up and grabbed the pipe .
slowly , he scooted his hands along the pipe , inching his way along the wall .
just above her head was a pipe that let in air for her to breathe .
you get off on tweed jackets and pipe smoke .
petya went pale and dropped his tobacco pipe , which clattered across the stones .
within a week , viktor had a simple grasp on three-ball juggling , fire and all , and romulus could pipe a few russian , english , and irish tunes on a flute .
alistair took out a pipe from his pocket and stuffed it with tobacco .
he returned long enough to re-stuff his pipe .
brock pulled out a long steel pipe .
almost every structure in the world has some kind of water pipe going to it which makes him perfect for infiltration .
as soon as will hit the spray of water coming from the pipe he formed himself into a swell that quickly engulfed the entire hallway .
umm sure , why is the pipe such a big deal ?
i think watching the others watching the apparently gurgling pipe .
you can close a wisps wind pipe but that wont do any damage .
it felt as if the window ledge , the drainage pipe , even the bricks themselves knew he shouldnt be there and were about to scream out for all to hear .
when they got to the base of the cellar steps , they found a chair and some rope and began to tie oliver to a large pipe that ran along one of the walls .
the surface of the pipe to which he was tied was not completely smooth ; it had several lips at certain intervals where different parts of metal had been soldered and screwed together .
when she had no luck , she went back to the pipe clamp to work the ropes at her legs again .
when she was close to the floor she did a forward roll , out of instinct , and brought her cane up like it was a lead pipe before continuing in her run at terry .
this is what i see : the captain smoking a long green pipe ( inhaling as if it were a beautiful flower ) , three crewmen struggling with the sails , and one crewman in the crows nest with a funny looking pair of things he is holding up to his eyes .
i smacked the pipe form his mouth .
chapter 7 glass pipe dream sometimes people can be broken .
cant that asshole see i am looking for my pipe ?
the beautiful silver starred spirit you flew through the atmosphere with gets choked out by smoke from a glass pipe with sticky black tar at the tip .
he held out a small glass pipe .
virginias hand touched the glass pipe as the tip of my wing swatted it across the room , startling them both .
how can a pipe just fly out of my hand like that ?
being whipped with a belt , slammed with a fist , or snapping his leg on the half pipe didnt hurt as bad as not knowing if she still loved him back .
youll see when we stop , he said , pulling a pipe and a box of matches out of his long jacket , striking them as marmot continued to plod along .
she politely reminded him , saying , `` darling , remember that we do n't smoke our pipe in the living room any more . ''
mantis moved the rifle on its tripod to see if the old codger who had been sitting on the balcony smoking a pipe the whole time , had caused ruth to move .
in 4th grade his mom and her friends let him puff on a pipe they were passing around .
after jonsen left it took us a few times to figure out you had to light the weed and suck through the pipe at the same time .
it was supposed to be funny because the shaft of the pipe was very thick and long like a penis .
who knew my pipe dream to play football would be the random key to finally becoming super popular ?
you got a pipe , mike ?
i liked the smell of his pipe ; cavendish , he called it .
it had a large number of wagon wheels and the iron pipe just slid through the hubs slick as anything .
i really like the tail that she glued on that was made from a pipe cleaner .
he sauntered to their fire and with a grand display promptly lit the pipe .
with his pipe clenched tightly in his teeth , miraz unhitched the geese .
miraz puffed on his pipe .
then liam saw the lips on the pipe move .
with his pipe in one hand and his drink in the other , he stretched out his legs .
miraz raised the pipe , sending embers flying in a small arc .
smoke billowed from the pipe .
that funny little man with the talking pipe ?
a grumble like the sound of stones crushing erupted from the pipe .
he pointed the pipe at mica , yellow smoke cascading from the bowl .
clenching the pipe in his teeth , he hitched up the cuffs of his short pants until his boney knees showed above his brightly striped socks .
liam could hear miraz muttering to the pipe as he pondered his choices .
still muttering he picked up the pipe .
thick yellow smoke billowed out of the pipe in long streams like flowing hair .
miraz took the pipe from his mouth and stretched up on his toes to examine the ring .
still holding the pipe he walked back to his wagon and gave a shrill whistle .
matthew collected bens clothes from the pipe and handed them to him as ben sat back down , exhausted from the minimal exercise .
his pipe was gone but the scent of tobacco still remained as he approached .
and there it was underneath the bed was a tiny silver pipe with what looked like a little showerhead over it .
a silver pipe pushed up into my memory .
i ducked under the metal bed and there it was , a silver pipe and a tiny showerhead attached to it .
carefully , i unscrewed the head of the pipe and shoved the potato into it , placing the showerhead back over the top .
she showed me the y shape of it by drawing it in the air and then held the invisible pipe to her lips and blew .
he had set it up to explode with such force that every vent and shaft , every pipe , was covered .
seriously , i pipe up .
turning the key , his car started with a loud cough of black smoke out of the exhaust pipe .
it was the most stupid thing , just an exposed piece of pipe against a painted white brick wall , but i burst into tears at the sight of it .
i swore i just saw you climbing down that drain pipe .
you had to watch or youd trip over some vent , chimney , and dormer , sky light , ridge , or pipe .
ellis continued to pace around the kitchen and twirling the pipe in his hands , very anxious to get their day started .
aran ducked , but ellis was unaware of what was happening and in a panic swung his pipe like he was at batting practice .
`` who knows how many of those things you attracted with that pipe . ''
ellis nodded and gripped his pipe , gritting his teeth and opening his legs in a split .
the pipe nicked the corner of the mans head , taking a chunk out of his skull .
reaching down , he snatched the pipe that was still clutched in ellis hand and swung blindly at the oncoming body .
diana , this is the first big party we are going to be having in this house , we have worked really hard the past two years , completely redoing the electrical components in this house , and the replacing every damn pipe .
i 'd forgotten about the pipe in my hand , and when i moved my arm , i spilled the bowl on the bed .
just checking the state of my pipe , grand grumbled to himself .
with the pipe secured between his teeth , he swung a leg over the birds saddle .
the smallest one chugged away at a corn pipe .
then hed fire up his pipe and set off the very sensitive smoke alarms .
they tugged and pulled until keith looked up and noticed a pipe running along the ceiling .
the effect resembled a pipe bomb laden with long nails .
i feel rann coming up my tail pipe before i see his older zipper .
the dark haired kid leaned over and whispered urgently , `` hey , pipe down !
he put his bubble pipe away , then started to wring his hands .
i cried , leaping forward and snatching the bubble pipe out of his hand , trying to break it .
i looked up at him with crazed eyes , then dropped the pipe and grabbed mr. marlin by the neck .
`` you 're too late , '' said mr. marlin as he puffed more bubbles out of his pipe .
her assailant also attempted to scream but he couldnt because my grip was a fraction away from crushing his wind pipe .
hoff lowered his pipe and peered over his shoulder .
which is why i pipe in , oh , she doesnt need to bother because i can go back on my own .
he looks like he needs a pipe , rey said .
hoodie put his hands into the part of a drainage pipe that stuck into the ground .
with one last push from kronin , i stumble into the room where the one guard is duct taped to a furnace pipe .
the brochure with frank 's name on it burns a hole in my pocket and i tape it to the pipe .
somewhere in the middle of the cavern a bony posterior was manoeuvring its way out of an exhaust outlet pipe .
it took broodangle a full pipe of fireweed before reluctantly agreeing to angelicas terms .
look at me , said chen , taking off his sunglasses and crouching down so that his head was level with the pipe .
then his jaw fell open letting the pipe slip from his mouth .
eventually , he found a short length of pipe then began to push and poke , and generally persuade it beneath the unconscious guard .
s-sorry , sir , plopbottle replied through the pipe .
they tried to move the troll , first with plopbottle lifting and the technician pushing from underneath , then with plopbottle alone using the pipe as a lever .
hes dressed in a business suit and smoking a pipe .
poodle finally found a pipe that he said was about right , at least good enough for me to practice on , and my relentless training continued .
poodle and jj used the pipe so often during their surveillance runs that it was practically a ladder to them .
as mentioned before , poodle found a similar pipe , which i climbed , well enough .
looking at the pipe rise so far up that wall and barely making out the ledge of the other roof , i had some serious fucking doubts .
jj didnt pause , he bee-lined straight to the pipe and scurried up like a rat .
i next tried to scramble up , locking my knees tight against the pipe as i reached up and grasped the pole higher and higher .
i snatched it and ran back to the pipe .
i couldnt fit completely behind the pipe but there was about eight inches of clearance , more than enough for me to maintain pressure as i reached up to grab a higher hold .
originally , i learned about string theory , and pipe theory .
as soon it was spinning under its own power , steam began to pour from the exhaust pipe .
it featured an arsenal of homemade explosives recipes : pipe bombs , grenades , napalm , smoke bombs , bomb launchers , detonators , the works .
jack pulled himself through the window and reached for the drainage pipe .
he pointed to his right , where a waste disposal pipe attached to the external wall .
once at the ground , she turned and watched as chris reached out and tested the pipe , before putting his bulk in the potentially unsafe hands of israeli builders .
louisa looked worriedly up , as chris wilted off the pipe .
think of your physical body as a pipe through which energy is supposed to pass .
bits of glass from a broken crack pipe safely glistened from within the pile .
leo mccutcheon had helped ed build the catchment dam and lay pipe to it , 300 feet up the slope on leos land .
not hesitating , the two angels climbed into the large pipe and dropped into the darkness .
apparently a large steam pipe had exploded , sending black smoke into the station and causing quite a stir as many thought it had been a terrorist attack .
it was a sixty or sixty-one fairlane two door with a six cylinder that has a straight pipe and it and it will have a shotgun hit on the drivers side .
a six cylinder with a straight pipe on it .
on the ground by the building lay a small square of concrete producing a skinny metal pipe , about a foot sticking up beyond the surface .
the colonel pulled his sweater closer to his throat , and lit his pipe again .
how long is it going to take to fix the pipe and dry out the room ?
the only openings were pipe inlets , with bars in front of the openings to keep trash out .
he pushed off at full speed with the pipe in his right hand .
daniel continued forward swinging the pipe down like an axe on the mans forearm .
im ready to go as soon as i take care of that guy with the pipe .
a slug of water powered through a three-foot gap in the pipe and stopped .
the pipe was now empty .
the second pipe burst and emptied out .
daniel thought of the swinging pipe that clunked george hughes on the head and saved his life .
they were looking at the pipe in the crater and using detectors .
i suggested right next to the road for the pipe as it is already cleared .
millie had also approved the plumbing line bid and the plumbers had laid the pipe .
mauer was disconcerted to hear lincolns voice , which could pipe and squeak , really shrill .
`` well , i could get you across , he said , puffing on his pipe .
`` this is the one was shot in the parking lot the other day , he said , relighting his pipe .
he had arranged to meet catherine wilson outside scotland yard at 12.30 , from where they would get a cab to covent garden for their lunch with vaughan at the crusting pipe wine bar .
remember to put one in the pipe .
josette focused on the small length of pipe gaskin held up .
it was probably just a minute ampoule of nitro taped to the fuel pipe .
were just laying a pipe for now , a hint of whats to come as a warning shot across the bows for militias .
just going to see ... gaskin holding up the length of metal pipe .
theyd found only pipe bomb material in allens garage two days before .
george takes out a pipe like instrument bigger than the one he used to shoot at ray in his office .
the crowd came alive as the pipe sank slowly beneath the earth .
he lit the pipe and then turned to us and smiled .
to this he had no reply , rather he gruffly re-lit his pipe and panned down over some paperwork at his desk .
he opened the steel gate to the locked bar area with a piece of broken pipe from outside the gate and went to the back exit of the bar , unlocked the outside door and saw what he had seen from outsidea steel cage holding several 100-pound tanks of gas used for cooking .
he had a lead pipe in his front hand and his other flew to his face , shielding it from the abrupt light .
he brought the pipe around in a ferocious hack , but the assassin ducked into a roll that sent him sideways and forward , just out of reach of the metal club .
the hit might have broken the bones in rafaels hand if he hadnt gone into another sidelong roll , sending the pipe glancing off of his arm and into the plaster of the wall .
rontego ducked , avoiding the elbow by a narrow margin , but the swing served its purpose , allowing the large man to drop the pipe and grab rafael by his collar .
he drove across the elephant as far as long lane , took the jamaica road and dropped into the rotherhithe , that narrow little pipe with its hazy , polluted air and ancient little corners .
his legs were spongy and his ankles felt broken ; his lips were cracked glaciers and his throat a furry pipe .
a sputtering hiss emanated from the damp sidewalk as the figure tapped out the contents of his pipe and crossed the street towards the house with the cracked paint .
he caught the faint scent of pipe tobacco as he stripped off his clothes , and made a mental note to brush his teeth before exiting the bathroom .
dennis realized that he was stalling , and reluctantly tapped out his pipe , leaving a pile of ashes and dry tobacco on the otherwise spotless sidewalk .
one of his eyebrows was also less than straight , but wild horses would not have got him to admit that this injury had occurred at home when an iron drain pipe he had been cleaning out had parted company with the wall and fallen on him .
it was spilling out of him like a ruptured pipe leak .
a number of fans in the south stand said that they heard five distant bangs , but apparently that was just the sound of the pipe rupturing .
ernest watched her go then made his way into the parlour where lord hutchinson sat in his chair , smoking his pipe .
and oliver - `` he stopped himself and took a long drag from his pipe .
she held the flame to the bowl and sucked greedily before handing the smoking water pipe to me .
ivan sokolov stepped off the elevator as i finished my fourth skin , and his sudden appearance startled me to the extent that a small piece of potato must have gone down the wrong pipe , causing me to start coughing .
mouthing his choicest curses , he scrambled up the pipe even faster , and swung himself up onto the low , flat roof .
he went to the rooftop corner nearest his building , found a convenient drain pipe , and slid down .
`` if the shares ever get up to $ 15.00 , which we all admit is a pipe dream , and the exercise price is $ 10.00 , cox could make $ 250,000 before taxes .
lemmler puffed his pipe , the fine tobacco a balm to his companions senses .
with a puff on his pipe , lepages leaned over the watch once more and his thoughts returned to the subject that had occupied them throughout the evening .
more innocuous sounds followed , and lepage remained motionless , lighting his pipe , but merely holding it at chest level .
listening closely , he snuffed out his pipe to hide its glow .
i need to buy a new pipe , he said .
lepage took a puff of his pipe .
without a word to either of them , he pulled a pipe from his jacket and moved to light it .
he snuffed out his pipe , however , wrapping it in the sealskin pouch he kept in the breast pocket of his jacket .
someone must have cracked the pipe when he dug the hole to bury the body .
bill was digging into the pocket of his blazer for a weathered briar pipe .
he had extracted a leather tobacco pouch from his blue blazer and begun to fiddle with his heavy briar pipe .
even his briar pipe tasted burned out , like ashes .
about four feet to his right a drain pipe offered his best chance of escape .
his right hand slipped on the pipe at first , but he managed to get a grip with his left and he steadied himself .
a stuffed parrot with a pipe in its beak leaned drunkenly on the end of the sign .
he searched what was once a busy corner of the town , desperate to find signs of life , but the only noise came from a leaky pipe overhanging the street .
would you pipe down , please ?
eddie could easily picture them out on a night like this , enjoying the evening under their porch , earl puffing away on his pipe and betty listening to a ballgame on the radio .
he picked up a wooden pipe and began to fill it with tobacco .
he made a noose and , after removing a few ceiling tiles , looped the other end around a sturdy pipe he located in the space above the ceiling .
`` they didnt have some kind of pump or pipe for the water ? ''
its a pipe , mom !
dad loves to smoke a pipe .
the petrol pipe must have fractured because the smell of petrol was strong .
one mudak kid , little bastard , hit my head with lead pipe .
jack gave her a moment to peruse the file , packing and lighting his pipe to fill the void .
she held her gun over the railing and fired off two quick shots in the shooters general direction , and then scuttled to her left , seeking cover behind a rusty iron pipe .
crouched behind an identical pipe , he gave her a worried look and shook his head as if to say , theres no way .
alfies close proximity to the exhaust pipe made me anxious but i didnt feel it was my place to muscle in and move him with kirsten standing so close by .
nina dug her fingernails into her knee and tried to think about ways to get the hell out of the city unnoticed , since actually finding the case seemed like a pipe dream at this point .
gastonish nudged the captain with the metal pipe and said , get out and answer him .
mom dropped the metal pipe and untied the captain as the ferry strode into shallow water .
i held onto the pipe for leverage and pulled the fishing rod closer to me .
a closer look at the pipe revealed it was indeed a periscope of a submarine .
a crew man swung a large pipe wrench and struck my back .
i saw the blackguard grab a mans arm as it swung to hit him with a pipe .
glancing behind me i noticed grizz pulling his weight out of the pipe .
had a pipe broken ?
stepping through the hatch , he ducked behind an enormous painted pipe .
dropping to his knees next to the conduit , he took a battery-powered saw and sliced carefully through the thin conduit pipe .
also , i dont think im going to start off with a pipe bomb , which would be the most logical thing to do if i want to kill a lot of people , because if i do that then it might cause my main objective to falterto kill steve jones .
a note on the pipe bombs : i went to home depot today to buy the supplies .
another note on the pipe bombs : i finished building them last night and i tested one today .
with a dexterity that can only be attributed to playing countless hours of video games , peter swapped the .45 for a pipe bomb .
peter lit a second pipe bomb and flung it out into the hall full of screaming students .
finally the stationmaster whistled in his pipe .
the million dollar commission had been only a pipe dream , just too good to be true .
cautiously raising his head he saw all three on the grass verge , examining a rivulet , which apparently ran in a pipe under the road .
however , even though the pipe was unfinished , a protruding cutoff valve effectively prevented me from sliding the chain off of the end of it .
the pipe mounts strained under my weight , and i could feel them loosening from the ceiling .
then he noticed the handcuff chain dangling free from below the sprinkler pipe .
wedge regains his balance , clutching the pipe .
he pulls out a glass pipe .
then rolls the flint and lights the pipe .
kristiaan pulls again on the pipe .
kristiaan sucks on the pipe until it burns itself out .
kristiaans hands are running down the sides of each arm , one holding the glass pipe .
kristiaan lights the pipe with his brothers tit lighter , the end glows .
kristiaan grabs his shoulder and turns him , the bit of the glass pipe bangs into his teeth catching berrys gum .
kristiaan smiles at berry , hands him the pipe .
sammy died when his heart exploded after sucking on a glass crack pipe for the first time .
james envisioned the man hitting a glass pipe , sucking in the crack like he sucked in the joint , and blowing the smoke out with orgasmic disgust .
jacob stone appeared at the screen door in his overalls with a pipe in his mouth .
he walked off to this house smoking his pipe .
nothing more than a large , heavy piece of pipe with some handles welded to it .
his eyes chased the pipe back to see if this misalignment had any significance .
he approached , and preston noticed the pipe aroma barely hid a strong body odor .
the white clouds of vapour began emerging from the exhaust pipe .
he 'd removed the old rosewood pipe that he never lit from his mouth as chris approached and stood alongside him with a frown of enquiry .
the big man chuckled , winked , then strolled away through the gathering darkness to his office , lighting the pipe with an old brass lighter that had just as miraculously appeared in his other hand .
he shut and blocked the door behind him with a fallen pipe .
patches on the elbows of his jacket , probably had a pipe in his desk .
real food , not stuff poured down a pipe .
he smoked a pipe without the use of his hands , and spoke around it so it danced in his mouth like a conductors stick .
at that point axe-wielder got up , took his pipe and headed for a door in the wall .
or was it a fat bubble of snot snorted out the bikes exhaust pipe ?
here axe-wielder dropped his pipe and had to bend to find it .
he seemed to think as he stared into his pipe , prodding the tobacco with his finger .
further along , some guys in yob-regulation sports clothing and baseball caps loitered around a car with mirrored windows and an exhaust pipe like a rocket launcher .
i am in a large drainage pipe that opens into the potomac .
running for the gutter at roofs edge and jumping into the pipe that led to the ground below he used it as a slide to escape the cat .
wheres my fred pipe ?
fine , ben , its fine with me , said jen warmly as she threw her cigarette over a small bush and into a drainage pipe .
from the broken grill to the left of the stage where the pipe organ used to be , a woman called a warning , theyre coming !
he was currently the national procurement manager for steelco a national steel distribution company that imported long steel products ( beams , tubes , pipe and plate ) from overseas .
gralso took the scalpel from the tray of instruments in the corner before moving over to the pipe feeding the mixture of medication into idalinas arm .
the barman volunteered , pointing to the far corner of the bar , to a man probably in his early seventies , reading the paper and smoking a pipe .
kerrin bent down and began to sift through it , while old ben stood behind him and puffed contentedly on his pipe .
he quit being the pipe fitters union leader and began his own business , hiring out to any of the unions or trades as a facilitator .
a good man in a fight , he thought to himself , but its like dealing with a crate of pipe .
she felt the first blow , as the fourth man began beating her with the rubber pipe , and felt nothing else .
but i did n't crawl out on my porch roof , shimmy down the drain pipe , walk a mile up that dark road , and climb this steep hill for nothing .
zurra jumped off of the pogo and slid down a drainage pipe from the roof to the square below .
# three krokator sat huddled around a gukka pipe in a dimly lit concrete room .
jurkken asked and grabbed the pipe away from the other krokator .
one of the other two krokator asked as jurkken passed him the pipe .
he handed the gukka pipe to a friend of his when a large krokator with a horrific overbite entered his private lounge .
his shot flew wild , missing the exposed krokator he was aiming at but still managed to strike a gukka pipe , knocking it over and causing its flaming contents to spill onto the surrounding pillows .
he slowly inched along the wall , descending a short flight of stairs and hearing steam rattle through a pipe just above his head .
max picked up the pipe he had located earlier , jamming it into the stairwell doorframe , chocking it underneath the door handle .
the pipe was dropped .
the overhead pipe creaked and groaned but did not budge .
extra water began to gush out of the broken pipe .
in order to camouflage the pipe from outside , they covered it with a large upside-down terracotta colored clay flower pot .
using a drain pipe , she climbed the side of the house like she was miss piggy in the great muppet caper , only with more skill and more comfortable shoes , and launched herself onto the roof .
a couple of nights ago , he said sadly and took another drag from his pipe .
well i wanted to ask you some serious questions , he said firmly , taking the last drag from his crack pipe .
between the cops coming by and calling out a person 's full name - occasionally to report on that person 's `` bond '' status , more often just to harass and/or tell him to pipe down - and the propensity the jailed have for referring to one another by last name only , james soon pieces together that steve 's is driscoll .
i know its only been four days but i feel like ive been in this damn pipe an eternity .
but there was no real news because there wasnt anybody dude , tracy chuckles , from her perch on the living room couch where , feet up on the edge of the coffee table , shes been watching a series of old sitcom reruns and occasionally puffing on her marijuana pipe .
once i started , the waters kept rolling down the pipe as i told him what had happened at the studio .
`` okay , okay , pipe down .
he ingenuously cut some fan blades from some pvc pipe he found in the building , and then hooked it all together to make small electrical producing windmill generators .
sheila held up the envelope she had been holding , and said , now if everyone will pipe down , we have a winner . ''
standing made me nauseous and i threw up , which is when i noticed my hands were handcuffed behind a steel pipe running from the ground to the ceiling , one of the guest quarters hurricane poles .
his breath reeked of onions and pipe tobacco , and his jacket smelled like it had recently been wet .
black smoke spat from the tail pipe , and even across the street danny could hear the rumble of the truck 's engine .
but no gun barrel rose menacingly , and the driver of the car was not wielding a steel pipe or a baseball bat .
the air pipe was a translucent arch draped beneath it .
a pipe shudders behind a wall .
he remembered trying to unravel the shower curtain , staggering and grasping the blue plastic water pipe to pull himself up .
`` bit hot around the collar ... ... .. so to speak ... ... . and , god , the chest feels a bit tight ... ... ..must have strained a muscle somewhere ... ... .but ca n't sit here like this ... ... ..got to get on ... ... '' he stood holding the loose , blue pipe in his hand with the water spraying lightly on his feet whilst he steadied himself .
in the fourth corner was a bundle of plastic sheeting and a blue plastic pipe with a shower spray attachment lying across the floor .
he could put that in his pipe and smoke it for all she cared .
a beautiful instrumental piece begins to pipe in the room through the speakers that xavier cant see .
who said pipe dreams could n't come true ?
soon after , it revealed a firestorm of detonating pipe bombs and other various explosives on the city of atlantaher whirlwind .
the driller slammed down on the brake , the roughnecks threw in the slips , the string stopped , the tong cables snapped , the rotary table spun , and a thirty foot joint of three-and-a-half inch drill pipe unscrewed from the string and jumped from the thread box .
a barricade of welded four-and-a-half inch drill pipe , bumper high , ran the length of the walkway where he paced .
the man jammed his pipe and pouch into his pockets and wheeled back .
schulenbergers long thumb stuffed the pipe bowl with strings of black tobacco .
schulenberger spoke between his teeth and the pipe stem .
schulenberger snapped the pipe from his teeth .
the nurses dont like my pipe tobacco .
a string of spittle stretched from his lip to the pipe stem like a cable on a suspension bridge .
he shook the bitten stem of the pipe at skid , brilliant .
the door swung open and schulenbergerabsent the pipe -- held it for skids mother and father .
the door closed behind her , and schulenberger pulled his pouch from one pocket and his pipe from the other .
he laughed and said , only the bottom ones sweetheartits pipe tobacco .
cowboy fowler met him the first week he was in california and put him to work racking pipe .
he wore a reddish-brown tweed jacket over a red sport shirt , chocolate brown corduroy slacks and polished brown shoes with tassels , and he smelled of pipe tobacco .
he pulled a pipe from one coat pocket and a pouch from the other , and began stuffing the bowl .
ill go back up to alaska for a month : set up camp , off-load the rig , drill surface hole and set pipe , nipple up the blowout preventor and come home .
theyll dash to the generator room , grab a torch , and then , if they know what they are doing , they will unscrew the fuel pipe .
mcbride pushed the potato over the open end forcing upwards until the bottom of the pipe came out of the other side of the potato .
i know last night looks bad , but sitting in the dark of the basement , taped to an old furnace pipe , i arrived at a conclusion .
i drag him over to another pipe and tape him to it .
he quickly recovered from the blow , positioning himself upright.he cocked his arm back , but it was too late.jackson swung a small pipe into the side of his head sending the large man crashing violently against the bunk , and smashing a small table at the other end to pieces.it was exactly as jackson had planned .
he pulled a cap off of something that looked like the end of a pipe and put one eye up to it , i guessed looking out to see what was on the other side of the door .
i thought lieutenant prentice would like to have his pipe .
well , i best be off , childs said and quickly grabbed the pipe from my hand .
watch that pipe , terrell , you 'll set me on fire .
`` pipe down , britton , for god 's sake .
the snorkel pipe shot out frantic bursts of air and water .
he wasnt running after some unattainable , unknowable pipe dream any more .
the makeshift cuffs were thrown over a hook that hung from a thick steel chain wrapped around the rusty pipe that ran the length of the garage roof .
see down at the bottom of the rapids there 's an old water pipe that stretches across the creek ; way up in the air like ?
it 's what was hangin ' off that water pipe , right in the middle of the [ bird ] creek , that had caught my eye .
it took them a long while to get those two fella 's down from that pipe .
i might add to the quotes by mr. dillbeck : i arrived at the crime scene within approximately forty-five minutes of mr. dillbeck 's report of the two men hanging from the water pipe .
the pipe was hot .
the service hatch allows access to a coolant pipe for the reactor .
`` some generators still function with a soft touch or a pipe wrench .
he tested it , the knot he tied , the strength of the pipe , and his own upper body endurance by swinging back and forth suspended beneath for several seconds .
into the chamber came milton , clay pipe , eternal dungarees and all .
he then took hold of her by the arm and guided her through what appeared to be a gigantic pipe .
oh , do pipe down , he said , which silenced kathys tormentors immediately : they stepped back and started to walk two paces further away from kathy , sulking .
inside a drawer was a dime bag and a pipe .
the user on the other end had somehow kept the secure socket open and twined their sessions so that he had control over robert , leaving him staring at the text `` broken pipe error . ''
in one hand , he was clasping a heavy pipe wrench .
the engine grumbled loudly and belched black smoke from an equally black exhaust pipe .
the engine sputtered , wheezed once on the verge of death , and then came to life belching a cloud of blue smoke out the exhaust pipe .
grace could hear her own breath , the soft rustle of her clothes as she moved , the creak of a water pipe .
`` a pentagon pipe dream that does nothing but burn dollars . ''
the air inside smelled antediluvian , regal somehow , with traces of pipe tobacco , tea leaves , cooking sherry , and the earthen aroma of stone architecture .
`` sexton is sending you into a hornet 's nest on a desperate pipe dream .
it was possible she could force a lever down alongside the big pipe running down out of the john .
he took a big old black pipe out of his coat pocket , a briar , and stoked it up .
he fiddled n diddled with his pipe some more , then stuck it back in his mouth n drew on it , all the time tryin to decide how he should handle that .
he did n't answer - just picked up his pipe in a hand that was shakin the tiniest little bit and went to work lightin it again .
`` could he have hit her with a length of pipe ? ''
it had two steps up to it , framed by handrails fabricated from steel pipe .
the same frosty on every hemlock roof , an eight-foot frosty with a goofy smile around a corncob pipe and a black top hat and thick rolls around the middle , all made to glow a brilliant white by a two-hundred-watt bulb screwed into a cavity somewhere near frosty 's colon .
round smiling face , top hat , corncob pipe .
a sewer pipe and a water line had been roughed in .
he took the pipe out and closed the trunk .
`` if you put any in , i'll- '' my hands stopped the rest of the sentence and i set about scrubbing his face and hair and then moved on down his arms and chest , while he stood bowed and holding with both hands to the water pipe .
his pipe had gone out and he now slowly lit it again .
he reached for his little polished pipe and began filling it .
a deep bubbling and burping came up the pipe and the room steamed .
as soon as he had begun , m. had swivelled his chair sideways and had remained , occasionally sucking at an unlighted pipe , gazing moodily out through the window at the jagged skyline of london .
then he set a match to his pipe and settled back in his chair and read : francisco ( paco ) `` pistols '' scaramanga and underneath , in lower-case type : free-lance assassin mainly under k.g.b .
m. rubbed the bowl of his pipe thoughtfully down the side of his nose .
m. reached for the ashtray made out of a twelve-inch shell base and rapped out his pipe with the air of a man who has done a good afternoon 's work .
m paused to fill his pipe and light it .
and it was paid , ' m pointed the stem of his pipe at bond , 'for information received , to an fbi double-agent who is a member of the communist party . '
he dismissed the subject with a short sideways jerk of his pipe .
m. gazed into the bowl of his pipe .
he puffed at his pipe , listening .
`` long rubber , '' he said to m. who was sitting smoking his pipe between drax and basildon .
m. paused and reached for his pipe and busied himself lighting it .
he was gazing up at the mouth of the fuel pipe being hoist to where a gantry , outstretched to the threshold of an access door halfway up the rocket , indicated the main fuel tanks .
and the howl of the steam pipe drew away from them until it became a whisper and finally stopped , and there was silence in their narrow cement prison except for their stubborn breathing and the ticking of bond 's watch .
m. paused and put a match to his pipe .
there was a long pause during which m. puffed occasionally at the pipe in his left hand .
m pulled out his pipe and started to fill it .
m took the pipe out of his mouth .
once he had got into the pipe it would just be a question of improvising .
he put the loaded pipe into his mouth and set a match to it .
m paused to put another match to his pipe .
and she gets what i believe they call a 'crush ' on these pictures just as secretaries all over the world get crushes on these dreadful faces in the magazines , ' m waved his pipe sideways to indicate his ignorance of these grisly female habits .
m paused and sucked thoughtfully at his pipe .
every now and then he shook the pipe sideways so that the ash fell on the floor .
the senior man with the moustache and the little pipe is next door to you-here , in no .
he sat back and reached for his pipe and began filling it thoughtfully .
he put his pipe in his mouth and set a match to it .
he reached for his pipe and began filling it .
he took the pipe out of his mouth and cocked it at the chief of staff .
after pumping energetically at bond 's hand and waving vaguely at a chair , pleydell-smith walked up and down the room scratching his temple with the stem of his pipe .
he jerked the pipe out of his mouth and talked while he tamped down the burning tobacco with his matchbox .
pleydell-smith took out his pipe and pointed it impressively at bond .
the diesels bubbled unevenly as the swell covered the exhaust pipe and then opened it again .
he saw himself as a wounded caterpillar crawling up a waste pipe towards the plug-hole of a bath .
not really your line of country , except for one particular angle which ' - m jerked his pipe sideways in a throwaway gesture - 'may not be an angle at all . '
'and the next thing to remember , ' colonel smithers held up his pipe in warning , 'is that gold is virtually untrace-able .
the gold squad retired discomfited , our legal department decided the brown dust in the trawler 's timbers was not enough to prosecute on without supporting evidence , and that was more or less that , except ' - colonel smithers slowly wagged the stem of his pipe -'that i kept the file open and started sniffing around the banks of the world . '
colonel havelock took a pipe out of his pocket and began to fill it .
colonel havelock laid his cold pipe on the table as if he was preparing to roll up his sleeves .
m jerked his pipe sideways .
m put his pipe back in his mouth and drew on it deeply to relieve his feelings .
m jerked his pipe towards his loaded in-tray .
he picked up his pipe and began to fill it , absent-minded fingers dipping into the shell-base tobacco jar at his elbow .
the girl gave a cheerful wave of a sunburned hand , raced up the street in second , and stopped in front of the pipe of peace , the dunhills of nassau .
he reached for his pipe and began filling it absent-mindedly .
she had her baseball glove in her mouth and she was rocking back and forth , banging her head repeatedly against the back of the pipe .
she resumed banging her head against the pipe .
then he heard her moving inside the pipe , and she came out .
bags of cement , lengths of copper pipe , green mesb ... and two plastic oars bung on clips on the concrete wall .
wedged in a pipe was more like it , muldoon thought .
he had n't seen what the other end of the pipe was like-he 'd backed in too quickly-and he could n't see now .
follow that pipe as it goes back . ''
the pipe goes to a big aluminum box with air vents in the sides .
a pause ; then grant said , `` the pipe goes into a round black cylinder that looks like a fuel pump . ''
it was a fat cast-iron pipe maybe six inches in diameter .
kicked my feet off the ledge and jumped them sideways , one each side of the pipe .
except that i was putting two hundred and fifty pounds of shock into an old iron pipe every few seconds .
the pipe felt stronger there .
the drain was plumbed straight into a steel pipe running down through the floor .
alec had walked over to a large refectory table , picked up a pipe , filled it with tobacco and lit it .
dr. linden took out a pipe .
dr. linden took another long , slow puff from his pipe .
she wished he would put away his pipe .
salvatore fiore pulled a lead pipe out of his pocket and took a step toward her .
the little man was moving forward with the lead pipe again .
there 's a bit fastened to the lower end of the pipe . ''
he filled his pipe with tobacco , lit it , and studied tracy .
on the ceiling an exposed heating pipe ran from one end of the huge cabin to the other , and the wires and cables that controlled the transport were visible on the ceiling .
he filled it with a sweet-smelling tobacco from a small pouch and lighted the pipe .
he dug from dawn until dusk , looking for the yellow clay or the blue diamondiferous soil that would tell him he had found a diamond pipe .
judd studied mcgreavy a moment , then picked up a pipe from a rack on a long , low table and began to fill it with tobacco from a jar .
`` the machines cut them down to fit that thirty-six-inch pipe . ''
judd had one last glimpse of angeli 's body whirling into the pipe through the vortex of sawdust and logs , and it was gone .
a cover slid over the mouth of the pipe , shutting off the cyclone of air .
a tremendous vacuum of air suddenly blasted at them , trying to pull them into the vortex of the pipe .
some had baseball bats and some lengths of metal pipe .
he sucked on an ivory pipe with an amber mouthpiece , another rare collectible that once belonged to alexander ii of russia , liberated from another thief in romania .
david abbott spoke casually while lighting his pipe .
'go on , ' replied abbott quietly , holding his pipe , his expression rapt .
abbott struck a match and lit his pipe .
if he could scale the pipe and manage to get a toehold in the lower vent , he would be able to grab a rung of the railing and pull himself up to the terrace .
jason held onto the pipe , arms and ankles aching , rivulets of sweat breaking out on his forehead .
i stood up , the embers in my pipe glowing , loose ... chauffe au rouge .
why ca n't he be some nice old man right now sitting on the front porch with a pipe and a cane , maybe a little bourbon in a glass , for his stomach , of course ?
justice andrew mcdowell , at sixty-one now the youngest member of the court , stood in the window , smoking his pipe and watching traffic .
a garden hose ran from the exhaust pipe into the front seat .
keen puffed his pipe and was noncommittal .
as his headache lessened , he sat back , opened his eyes , put his glasses back on , and resumed puffing on his ever-present pipe .
smith could hear the chief of covert-one puffing on his pipe .
he could hear klein puffing hard on his pipe .
on the other end of the line , the pipe puffing stopped .
so was klein as he fiddled with his pipe , absently took out his tobacco pouch , then realized what his hands were doing .
`` no , '' klein said , chewing on the mouthpiece of his empty pipe .
klein took out his pipe and turned it in his hands , ignoring the coffee .
washington , d.c. fred klein was puffing on his pipe angrily , and the special ventilation system was straining to clear the air , when president castilla walked into his covert-one office .
`` pipe him onto the bridge . ''
`` marvelous , '' moaned the foreign service officer , drawing out the word as he reached for his brandy , taking sips between draws on his pipe .
creston reclaimed his pipe from the cracked chemistry retort he 'd been using for an ashtray , and bent down slightly to peer through one of the laboratory hut 's small , low-set windows .
holding it to the bowl of his pipe , he puffed experimentally .
they were still rats trapped in a sewer pipe .
he worked as a petrolero for the tropical oil company , working his way up to cuero'a pipe capper'and beyond , moving from camp to camp , each time raising the output of barrels per day .
then , all at once , a pipe gave way beneath bourne 's weight and his left leg plunged downward .
arsenov had believed this pipe dream because he 'd wanted to believe it .
yevgeny shook his head , offered bourne the pipe .
he sent me up here to bring him back his special pipe tobacco . '
`` slow down and back up , mr. conklin , '' said the director gently , lighting his pipe .
exploded the dci , gripping his pipe .
joel had dropped in one day years later and found the client sporting a goatee , smoking a pipe , looking rather cerebral and earthy .
`` got your note the other day , '' rudolph was saying as he shot a cloud of pipe smoke across the table .
when he looked as though he wanted to spit , rudolph suddenly sucked on his pipe and began grinding away on the stem .
rudolph was relighting his pipe .
`` do n't mention it , '' he said over his shoulder , releasing another cloud of pipe smoke .
the fumes from the tail pipe go into the car , and it kills him . ''
he reached and carefully eased the hose from the tail pipe , and dropped it to the ground .
he saw mark emerge under the rear bumper , place a hand for balance on the taillight , and slowly ease the hose from the tail pipe .
when he had him pinned and still and subdued , the lawyer stuck the hose back into the exhaust pipe , then yanked mark off the trunk by his collar and dragged him through the weeds to the driver 's door , which was open .
`` i 'm gon na sneak back up there and stick the hose into the exhaust pipe .
ricky was badly scared when you removed the garden hose from the tail pipe , and when he saw the man shoot himself he was suddenly exposed to a terrifying experience that he could n't handle .
`` we sneaked off into the woods behind the trailer park , to smoke a cigarette , '' he began , and slowly led to the point where romey stuck the water hose in the tail pipe the first time and got in the car .
peter jensen held his pipe as he looked at mcauliff .
'majestic place in its way , rather , ' said peter , removing the ever-present pipe from between his teeth .
peter removed his pipe and shook his head .
we found stuff in the pipe .
she laid them neatly on the folding table next to the copier and took the one marked `` koker-hanks to east texas pipe . ''
his pipe lit , puffing slowly , howell muttered , `` with that virus , and no known cure or vaccine , they can hold the planet hostage .
the engine roared as loud reports came from a worn exhaust pipe .
not in terms of $ 1,200 toilet seats and $ 700 pipe wrenches ; those were too blatant to be taken seriously and might even be correctable diversions .
he believed in directed democracy when the idea seemed a pipe dream .
battle gave up booze for pipe tobacco , and his cluttered and dirty office reeked of stale smoke .
there were several offices in the front , all with stained and threadbare carpet , peeling walls , the smell of last century 's pipe smoke forever fused to the ceilings .
he had a beard , smoked a pipe , wore a tweed blazer with worn arm patches , and used a vocabulary that he must 've spent hours practicing .
he tapped the unlit pipe on his knee for a few seconds , thinking .
he saw a thick black pvc pipe running at an angle just tinder the ground .
maybe they even ran optical pipe out here .
klein took his pipe from his pocket and brought out his tobacco pouch .
klein walked a dozen steps from the building and stopped to fire up his pipe .
klein took the pipe from his mouth and glared .
klein took the pipe from his mouth and pronounced dryly , `` i thought that went well . ''
he desperately wanted to light his pipe .
ashby crashed the heavy metal pipe onto the latch .
dr. kilvan explained the basic differences in pipe and cigar smoke and the rates of cancer for american men who used those forms of tobacco .
brayduck lit his pipe and the odor of the tobacco caused ellis to look at the man once again .
undersecretary brayduck struck a match and spoke between puffs on his pipe .
brayduck held his pipe motionless and looked at the brigadier general .
we were good at it , franklycwe could play the governments of the world like a pipe organ .
the judge lived alone , spent little on the house , had no bad habits except for his pipe , and he preferred cheap tobacco .
the air was warm and dusty and filled with the heavy scent of pipe tobacco .
`` two-foot section of lead pipe . ''
he could smell the nivea skin cream that the petty bureaucrat obviously used in place of shaving soap , his obel pipe tobacco , the rosemary hair tonic he used in a sad and failing attempt to prevent baldness , though it was far too late for that .
shoving with his feet against the brick , he pulled himself up the length of the pipe until he was three-quarters of the way up the tall two-story building .
arrayed around the ground were four rectangular metal boxes , each connected by a short length of pipe to tall two-hundred-liter oil drums .
at one point they walk through a brief , drippy drizzle somewhere above this part of the stairs , a pipe in black house 's unimaginable guts has perhaps let go .
he had his pipe going to his satisfaction and was puffing great stinking clouds of smoke out into the ratty apartment living room .
they 'll probably pipe in cream or jefferson airplane . ''
`` except that while she was lighting your pipe , she might also burn up your house , your barn , and your front yard . ''
popeye was inhaling spinach through his pipe and getting ready to beat the sauce out of bluto .
water gushed from the pipe .
she had it under control now , yes ; it fed smoothly into the pond as if through an invisible length of pipe .
he unrolled the paper , and a round black pipe about a foot long fell out .
chapter 7 clocktower station hq jakarta , indonesia david peered at the black pipe through the narrow window of the blast shield .
it was the weight - the pipe was too light to be a bomb .
for oil , you wanted a pipe line .
in the middle of the room , a steel ladder hung out of a large round pipe .
i spin in time to see him wielding a length of copper pipe .
a pipe burst along the east wall of the sheriff 's department , flooding the evidence lock-up .
i picked up the length of pipe from the floor and crept downstairs .
i brought the pipe up with all the force i had .
rachael 's cherokee had been found on the shoulder of arizona 85 in organ pipe cactus national monument .
a virtual forest of saguaros and organ pipe in the front yard .
ezekiel pulled off his fleece-lined gloves , took out a hip-flask tin of prince albert tobacco , set to work loading his pipe .
against the nearest wall , they resembled a pipe organ .
she could smell her father 's pipe , see the long view from the porch-rolling pasture , barns , the soft bluegreen horizon of lush deciduous trees that would not survive one yukon winter .
toward late afternoon , they came across a deserted construction site , jack 's heart lifting at the prospect of finding a pickup truck or even a forklift , but the only motorized equipment left behind had been a small crane , its snow-dusted framework looming over stockpiles of corrugated steel drainage pipe .
naomi 's snoring echoed through the pipe .
jack had to think , realized he 'd left the glock back at the pipe with dee , and considering the firepower on hand , figured that was probably a good thing .
she reached the construction site and walked over to the pipe .
dee stood in the snow with her eyes welling up again , listening to the pipe distort naomi 's sobbing like some tragic flute .
he tried but he could n't stop himself from picturing dee and the kids inside the pipe , beginning to wonder where he was .
he shoved his straggly bangs out of his eyes , stuffed his pipe in the pocket of his jean jacket and searched for a cigarette .
he puffed on his pipe , then opened the pouch , took out the maps .
when the fort was ours i entered the room where laureano torres sat smoking his pipe , overseeing the money count , two soldiers as his bodyguards .
kidd licking his thumbs then pressing it into the bowl of his pipe to put it out .
ron pierrot was a thin man with hands that looked like they could snap a lead pipe , and dave often wondered what would have happened if the boy who escaped the wolves had actually been a character in a movie .
when she was done , she refitted the pipe , finding it much easier going back on than it had been coming off , and reattached the trap plug .
it took two turns of the ignition for the engine to turn over , then the exhaust pipe banged off the small exit ramp and the car dropped into the street .
i took a step back as he extracted a thick rock from his other pocket and placed it in the pipe .
eugene was sucking the small pipe as if it were a reed poking above a waterline .
he took another hit off the pipe .
his head was thrown back , the small pipe still in his hand .
outside the garage , he sat back in his seat and closed his eyes as the heat sputtering from his cracked exhaust pipe enveloped the car .
like most state troopers i 've encountered , his spine seemed forged of lead pipe and his lips were pale and too thin ; in the flat whiteness of his face they appeared to have been etched into the flesh by a weak pencil .
ryerson removed a fresh cigar from his pocket , then frowned when he noticed a sign that read no cigar or pipe smoking please .
a plastic tarp parted and a dark-haired guy swung a length of pipe into the side of my face and i spun into the plastic and fell into the unfinished kitchen .
i could see the guy with the pipe now-a slim , dark-haired latino in khaki cargo pants and a wife-beater .
pissed off , instinctively memorizing every detail i could about the two guys i could see , and thinking about ways to get the latino 's pipe into my hands and straight up his ass-but scared out of my mind , just the same .
i snatched the pipe out of his hand and drove a foot into his knee at the same time .
science teacher lowered the gun as an indication i should lower the pipe .
the house next door is n't occupied , but the house behind you is , you dumb shit , and there 's a good chance someone saw tadeo pop me with the pipe .
three strikes , all right down the pipe like thread following the needle , the fat man never once touching cowhide .
luther said , `` hey , ya 'll wait a -- '' the deacon 's slap connected with luther 's cheekbone and busted up through his teeth and his nose and eyes like shards of broken pipe .
at the end of the play , the cleaning woman contents herself by becoming a chorus girl on the new england stage and her `` laddy '' makes his peace with her pipe dreams , as long as they remain on a local level , and even lands a job of his own .
a lett charged back and forth along the rear of the crowd on one of the police horses , swinging a length of pipe at any domed heads he saw .
storrow puffed on his pipe .
storrow took his time searching for his pipe .
danny felt as if he 'd been hit in the spine with a pipe and stabbed in the stomach with an ice- cold knife .
but it samples the air from nine small vents that pipe back to the main unit .
in just a few minutes , he had made a rudimentary pipe bomb .
the gas tubing had been pulled out of its housing , the gas was coming out of the pipe itself , lit up by the pilot and shooting straight up through the dials .
the gen one who held it let out a furious roar , then brought the pipe crashing down like hell 's own hammer .
there were smells of cooking food and pipe smoke and more people passing by .
henley took an old flint striker from his pocket and lit the pipe , drawing on it to make it catch .
it 's a pipe holder . ''
but i jerked to a stop when we nearly ran into the leprechaun , a long-stemmed pipe in her teeth as she leaned against a pollution-stunted maple and waited for her ride .
knees shaky , i started to follow pierce , hesitating when the leprechaun tapped her pipe against the dumpster and said , `` i 'm not an oracle ... `` `` but , '' i prompted .
eventually , i wiggled my way out of a large cement tube that emptied into a weed-choked ditch , almost sliding on my stomach to get through the pipe .
you know the drainage pipe that empties out near the old- '' he gave me a confused look , and i shrugged .
his friend swung at me with a lead pipe ; i grabbed it , wrenched it from his grasp , and backhanded him across the face with it .
i expected ruth to pipe up , voicing her suspicions to what was obviously the leader of the group .
it was an odd feeling , sliding through the pipe , emerging into the familiar darkness of the tunnels .
silently , i readied my sword , and jackal picked up a rusty lead pipe from the floor , not bothering to return to wherever he had slept for his ax .
his low voice echoed faintly as we stepped into a huge cement pipe , ducking slightly as we walked through .
i pushed it down , gazing at a line of drops spattering the floor , leading away from the mattress until they vanished into a pipe on the far wall .
`` well ... '' i stepped to the entrance of the pipe .
the pipe was narrow and claustrophobic , and all three of us had to duck so our heads would n't scrape against the top as we went through .
the pipe abruptly ended , coming out of the wall nearly fifteen feet off the ground .
`` so many of them , '' he whispered as we drew back into the shadows of the pipe .
we found it a few hundred feet from the pipe , a crumbled section of wall with firelight spilling out of the cracks , flickering over the stones and rubble .
rounding a bend , i saw zeke , pressed into the space between the corner wall and another huge pipe , protecting his back .
he hurled his pipe at zeke .
we were traveling through a narrow stretch of pipe , the two taller vampires having to duck to clear the low ceiling , when zeke 's harsh explosions caused ice to form in my stomach .
and , with a final sneer , he turned his back on us and walked away , disappearing into the shadows of the pipe .
sarren came at kanin again , striking savagely with a metal pipe he 'd snatched off the floor , and this time , kanin did n't move .
sickened , i watched sarren stalk back to kanin , haul him upright and backhand him with the pipe .
jackal dodged his first swing , lashing out with the stake , but sarren blocked his arm , stepped in and brought the pipe smashing across his jaw .
i just managed to dodge his first swing , feeling the pipe miss my head by centimeters , and slashed upward with my katana .
`` you are n't planning to smoke the peace pipe .
soap pulled out a wooden pipe , lit it up with a wick from a nearby boiler , and puffed .
with a belch of smoke out the stacks and a loud rumbling , a huge articulated metal pipe ejected from the lower front of the hull .
these rested atop the river and held the pipe , presumably , at exactly the right angle .
sooties in the boiler room must have been cranking up a storm to create suction , for with a slurping noise the pipe shuddered and began to take on water .
edgar puffed at his pipe calmly .
no matter what anyone said , his pipe tobacco mingled with the pungent scent of blood smelled all too fresh .
he moved with preternatural speed , his hand catching a lead pipe , ripping it out of astonished hands , and deliberately bending it into a circle .
there are two entrances , one leading to a separate chamber hidden in the thickness of the walls , and the other a tunnel constructed with pipe and cement to keep out the water .
we reach a large rounded pipe that snakes deep into the ground .
i slide my feet inside the pipe and the muffled beating of hearts floods my ears .
a deep breath and then i 'm running up the pipe , water splashing underneath my boots as i climb higher .
he 's right behind me , taking me by the hands and i make the choice , letting him pull me back into the darkness of the pipe .
i jump out from behind the stairwell and smack the pipe hard into the back of one 's head .
i try again , but he knocks the pipe away .
burning high above and below the hillside and over by the pipe .
he 's still upset with me for beating him unconscious with a pipe and he refuses to talk to me .
most of the water has evaporated , but a shallow pool still touches the pipe .
`` you know there 's water running down that pipe right ? ''
sylas gets on his hands and knees , and drops his head down into the pipe .
sylas reaches for the circular lock , but pauses and scoops up a long metal pipe .
sylas holds the pipe and the lantern .
just in front of us is a pipe that burrows under the ground .
sylas stays silent , watching the end of the pipe like a hawk .
`` hey , over here , '' a masked man shouts and tucks his head inside the pipe , spotting a flashlight at us .
we crawl on our hands and knees for the other end of the pipe , mud and twigs sticking to our skin .
sylas launches himself out of the pipe and kicks one of the men in the knee .
`` come and see my big pipe in the van , '' the kid said .
arm and legs outstretched , i tried to snag the pipe .
they look like something that jim henson would have dreamed up after a night of hitting the opium pipe : tall and gaunt figures draped in black , but not really black , some sort of living black that moved and shifted , and oh yeah- -they had no faces .
they warmed their hands over the container , passing a small crack pipe to one another .
his grip tightened on the bloody pipe .
what was that , like a magic pipe bomb ? ''
the place he 'd kept eve had once been some kind of storage locker within the plant , all solid walls and a single door that he 'd locked off with a bent pipe .
lights glowed inside the huts , and smoke curled from metal pipe chimneys .
as she waved her hand like that was no big deal , he told his inner caveman to pipe down , sonny .
claire cast a look back over her shoulder at myrnin , who was holding a broken glass pipe in his hands , trying to fit the two pieces back together .
the blow to the head had given them time to cuff miranda to a pipe and made her a little weak , so it had taken her longer than it should have to knock them off with a series of roundhouse kicks and one side scissor , then break the chain on the cuffs and free herself .
the second facet of modernity took the form of a gilded pipe with multiple joints , mounted on the mantel .
he pressed hard at a hidden button in the midpoint , and a curved , hooklike blade sprang out each end of the pipe and clicked into place .
a man , sitting in a comfortable brown leather armchair with silver studs and smoking a large ivory pipe , stood up at their arrival and walked over to look down at the two prisoners .
he puffed thoughtfully on his pipe .
the man with the muttonchops filled his pipe bowl and nipped back into the hallway briefly to light it with one of the oil lamps .
he continued to puff on his pipe , blowing smoke into her eyes .
`` those fanatics , '' said the pipe man .
she was walking past the front doors on her way to the basement when she was stopped in her tracks by the momentary booming of a pipe organ .
it was like a pipe through which they ascended .
i cal ed , steadying myself on the steam pipe poking from the top of the train .
the other man at the table took the pipe out of his mouth and gave vimes a smile of manic friendliness .
the dwarf looked down and began to thump the pipe desperately .
he selected a pipe from a rack on his desk and began to fill it .
then he remembered lord akeldama 's gold pipe that was actually a glaive .
the window to debbie 's room was three or four feet from the pipe , so when i came level with it , i dug my tough nails into the brick of the building and clawed my way across .
maybe it was an emergency pipe , in case the others overflowed .
then i came to another pipe and scurried down it .
thirty feet was pushing the limits of what i could do until i spotted a drainage pipe snaking down near the balcony .
music blared around them , a waltz played by a pipe organ .
`` went down the wrong pipe is all . ''
tonya acted as if she were having to push each word through a too-thin pipe .
maybe that water pipe burst again , and they 're fixing the damage . ''
my hands went up instinctively and i grabbed the pipe as it sliced through the air toward me .
my shoulder blades slapped against the concrete and nicolette wasted no time , dropping the pipe and clawing at my neck .
he was long over that qhuinn pipe dream thing .
`` why support her pipe dream ? ''
maybe it had been a pipe dream , but i 'd wanted bria to accept me the way owen had .
shortly after child services noted the burns on your arms , a robber broke into the house and almost beat that man to death with a metal pipe .
a long section of metal pipe stretched from the tank and disappeared beneath the twisted remains of a trailer .
the inner workings of the house spread before me , the structural beams , the long stretches of pipe , and the spider work of wiring .
atsany waved his pipe around .
atsany jumped up and down , waving his pipe .
atsany waved his pipe and astamur translated back .
a song started with a solo of some sort of reed pipe , so old it rolled through me , familiar and new at the same time , like an echo of some racial memory buried deep inside me , in the places mind and reason could n't reach .
behind him a broken pipe jutted from the wall , spilling water under his feet .
he busted the pipe and went after you . ''
i read somewhere that it 's , you know , like freezing in the cargo hold , and they do n't pipe any oxygen in there , either .
`` i 'm going outside to smoke my pipe .
she veered sharply to the right , following the scent to a campfire where two warriors sat sharing a pipe .
he had a pipe in his mouth and as he spoke you could hear the years of tobacco had taken a toll on his vocal chords .
`` pipe down , lunatic , at least let us see what 's coming at us . ''
then he grabbed the showerhead and bulging pipe and twisted , hard .
we have a pump and some water pipe as well , and i 'd like to get that started so we can bring water from the lake to here . ''
with the latrine site closed , the only other thing i can do to help is work with the group laying water pipe .
my body focuses on dragging the pipe and connecting the pieces while my mind races , trying to solve the mysteries of centauri-earth , colonel martin 's strange silence among them .
`` we 'll go down and help the men laying pipe from the lake , '' i tell the earthborn engineer who 's managing the project .
`` we could hang them nearby , keep them wet with the water pipe from the lake ... ... `` `` and they 'll see them and hold their breath , '' dad shoots back .
i pipe up all cheery in the dark , figuring i 've got to get their minds off food somehow .
wriggling through the drain pipe , i 'd almost convinced myself that something was behind me and sharp claws would close around my ankles , dragging me back .
a pipe , a branch i could use as a club , anything .
i leaped down from a dead subway car and jogged back to him , ducking a pipe that dangled above the tracks .
to my surprise , he did , not saying another word until we reached the drainage pipe that led into the sewers .
one of them held a lead pipe , which he banged on a line of dead cars as he crossed the street .
something small and furry skittered up a pipe and vanished into a crack , but other than that , the sewers were empty and still .
i followed the smell around a large , rusty pipe until i found the source .
i rose , moving away from jackal , toward the pipe .
jackal gave me an evil , knowing smile , chuckling as he stepped into the pipe .
`` this way , '' zeke whispered , and turned down another pipe that cut through a brick wall , into the darkness .
the pale , hunched figures of several dozen mole men milled about the chamber , their low , raspy voices drifting into the pipe .
`` hope springs eternal , '' he muttered , but did n't say anything else as we backed out of the pipe and searched for the entrance to the lair .
i scrambled out of the pipe and hit a body sprawled in the mud at the entrance .
one man hissed , striking the pipe with a rusty iron bar .
zeke walked behind me , making very little sound even through the puddles and scattered debris , the narrow pipe forcing us to stay single file .
a metallic shiver echoed through the pipe as zeke drew his machete , the raspy sound making my stomach clench .
i asked kanin a few minutes later when the pipe ended and we came to the main stretch of sewer again .
the weapon hit his collarbone with a sickening crack , dropping him to his knees , and sarren instantly smashed the pipe against the side of his head .
he snarled at sarren , who calmly picked up a pipe and advanced on him .
sarren prowled toward me , pipe in hand , jackal 's blood streaked over his arms and face , almost like war paint .
shoutin ' which comes to a quick end when the cove with the rope waves it at 'em and shouts with a voice to wake the dead , `` pipe down , ye whoreson guttersnipes , or i 'll come over there and show ye what me nobby 's for ! ''
the bo'sun is at the end of the line of us boys , looking over the side for the coming of the admiral 's gig , his pipe in hand .
on the upstroke you hear the valve breathe in with a soggy sigh , and on the downstroke you hear the bit of water pushed up through the pipe and out over the side .
there was a heavy pipe in his hands , an improvised weapon from the city .
`` hai n't visitin ' hours , '' answers the lout , chewing on a pipe stem and not getting up .
he walked over to the ashtray , where a pipe was stil smoking , and knocked the embers out of it .
an old man laughed from his rocking chair-a bottle of wild turkey in one hand and a pipe in the other .
he was busy packing his pipe with dry leaf tobacco .
uncle abner blew the thick pipe smoke in my face as he spoke. ``
maybe a stick or a pipe .
prolly back in her room with a pipe and a cup of coffee .
he took the pipe out of his mouth , looked at it as though it had done something offensive , and then tapped it out into a coal heap and tucked it away .
the pipe was massive .
round steps collapsed out like flower petals as the pipe telescoped down .
his ( deep green , and rather beautiful ) eyes looked a lit le hazy , like perhaps he 'd been smoking from the peace pipe .
above him , water condenses on a metal pipe , dripping onto the tunnel floor .
the wall is now sporting a gaping hole at its base ; i realize this must have been the work of a pipe bomb , an explosion jerry-rigged by the resistance .
nicholas ' hands were tied to a pipe that ran along the ceiling .
he bashed on the pipe that stupid drip is driving me crazy .
i scanned the room , looking for a piece of a pipe of a tool - a weapon of any kind .
the pipe she was clinging to broke free from the roof , and then she was falling , sliding .
sloshing into the pipe , i grimaced as the cold , filthy water soaked my shoes and dress .
i jump up , full of twisted optimism that i will find him sprawled underneath the drain pipe , hurt but okay , and then i can make good on my promise to take care of him .
i see him at his desk , doing something with pipe cleaners .
pieces of an enormous pipe organ lie abandoned and decaying .
the smoke that billows around him is more than any one pipe could produce .
a piece of pipe about the length of his arm had broken off from something in the ceiling-he ran to it and picked it up .
thomas inched in closer , gripping the pipe tighter , looking for an opening to attack without hitting her instead .
he used his balance to swing back , driving the pipe into the creature 's body , just to the side of teresa 's head .
they each don a workman 's cap , stick a foul pipe into their mouths , and , as the carriage pulls to a prearranged stop , they are out the door and onto the street , just two doughty yeomen heading home after a day 's honest labor .
richard bows to me and acknowledges the cheers of his men , but i pipe up and say , `` surely you 've forgotten the last verse , sir ?
a pipe , maybe ? ''
i jam a smelly old corncob pipe twixt my teeth and run back on deck .
`` this is lieutenant faber , '' i pipe , trying to suppress a grin and keep from bouncing up and down on my toes .
with that , i am out the window and down the pipe , and across the street .
31 hell is other people byron montgomery took a big sip of coffee and shakily lit his pipe .
but before anyone could say anything else , the somber-sounding pipe organ filled the room .
just as the pipe organist launched into a long , droning variation of canon in d , father fleming 's iphone chimed .
australian pipe music began to play , and he bopped his head back and forth .
but there was more inside that hole than the newly fitted pipe .
then tink chimes in with one of the many , many verses that deal with what to do with the unfortunate swab : put him in the scuppers with a hose pipe on him , take him and shake him and try to wake him , give him a dose of salt and water , earl-lie in the morn-ing !
at first the otterburn men yelled at him to get down , stop making a clown of himself , but he played a few bars on his pipe , and they took an interest .
that did n't melt ; it just fell to the floor of the pipe each time one of them died .
in a moment , the line of clones in the pipe screamed , holding their heads .
was there an opposite of smoking the pipe of peace ?
and my father 's pipe .
its salt-cracked windows were lined with pipe tape .
the only sounds are our breath in the stale , cold air and the sloshing of our boots through an inch of sour-smelling , freezing cold water ; a pipe must have burst .
there 's someone with him , a recruit around dumbo 's age in a baggy uniform and a cap pulled down low , the brim resting just above his eyes , carrying an m16 with some kind of metal pipe attached to its barrel .
emma wanted to throw her sherlock holmes pipe at his head .
emma choked on a mouthful of water , sending it down the wrong pipe .
only when we were sliding into the mustang did joseph pipe up ; he always was the first one .
finally , she calms down and goes , `` wow , i guess some went down the wrong pipe . ''
smirking , celaena braced her blackened feet on a stabilizing bracket holding the pipe in place .
fifteen feet below her pipe , a mercenary was clutching the horns of a gargoyle as he set about fastening his rope around its head .
she 'd been in the midst of smoking a pipe when duke perrington had been announced .
`` cheap goat , '' yellowlegs said , taking another long drag from the pipe .
the woodcut is crude and does n't look at all like me-much too buxom , for one thing , and for another , i never smoked a pipe .
the bo'sun 's pipe shrills out and the men are called .
in the next room peter drake is leaning up against a bulkhead placidly smoking a pipe and a grinning seaman named ozgood is sitting in a chair .
his pipe makes burbling noises and works up a great head of smoke as liam pauses , looking out over the rooftops of the town .
`` you 're always saying how much easier flying would be if i could tap into glory , '' i pipe up , not about to let her off the hook .
maybe this is a pipe dream .
the inside surface of that same cylinder , however , is painted with super-adhesive resin that sticks to clothes and flesh with such tenacity that anyone caught in the pipe might as well be nailed to the concrete .
`` clean out whatever diseases crawled into your system while you were in that pipe .
argent takes a hit from the pipe , then puts it over connor 's mouth , holding connor 's nose so he has no choice but to suck it in .
connor 's response is a glass pipe to the head .
`` they been diggin ' up that sewer pipe for weeks .
while my effort lacks definition in the lad 's muscles and overall form , he does have a certain mischievous look in his eye as he gazes out at the viewer with his lips wrapped around the pipe .
a sturdy and rough-looking sailor in master 's garb , plainly the bo'sun 's mate , stands ready with his pipe .
the purser does enjoy his cup , but he seems a pleasant sort , content with his rum , his pipe , and his columns of figures . ''
there is a trill from a bo'sun 's pipe signaling the redoubt 's crew to assemble .
when all is in place , he nods to the waiting bo'sun , who blasts out on his pipe and roars , `` all hands and convicts topside to witness wedding ! ''
i myself stand on my quarterdeck , dressed in my creole ship 's boy costume-ragged trousers , short curly black wig , straw hat , and pipe clenched in teeth-as ship 's boy jacques bouvier , messenger of the watch .
slipping into the warehouse , eden hurried to her little den and dumped the food , swiping up the steel pipe she had placed by her 'bed ' in case she was attacked .
the kick forced him from his feet , his broad shoulders clipping the only female , who staggered , giving eden the opportunity to knock her over with a round house kick as she swung the pipe at the fourth neith , the blade of his sword slicing through the rusted instrument .
i can see brown-tinged water rushing through one pipe , disappearing into the machine , and emerging clear .
the earthy corridor reeked of pipe smoke .
kendra raised her head and saw a car smashed against the fablehaven front gate , the hood badly crumpled , fumes flowing from the exhaust pipe into the winter air .
once she had noticed a bearded man barely a foot tall pulling a length of pipe out of a pile of rubble behind the movie theater .
jonah grins as he slips his pipe out of his pocket .
i crank the music down and sit up as jonah takes another hit from his pipe and smoke fills the room .
luke walks up to the bed and grabs the pipe from jonah 's hands .
luke shoves him out the door , and then he tosses the pipe at him .
i kind of lost it and grabbed a pipe , i tried to beat that thing off me , but ... '' `` did n't go so well ? ''
`` if they 're planning to pipe in anything , hopefully it 's some cool air . ''
at the top , adam found himself on a hidden balcony populated by two pews and a pipe organ .
you know what , man , do n't answer that , let 's smoke a peace pipe . ''
she knelt next to my pipe case and looked inside without touching anything .
sullivan had put some sheet music up on the stand ; something by bach that i 'm sure was meant to look simple but had way too many lines for pipe music .
i pulled it around me so that her fingers were stretched over the pipe chanter .
kids busting ass in the pipe served as apresski entertainment for adults drinking beer ( and teenagers sneaking beer ) on the deck at the lodge .
then he landed easily and slid like butter down the wall , accelerating across the flat to launch himself up the opposite wall , back and forth until he ran out of pipe .
sure enough , nick , davis , and gavin stood in line on the side of the pipe , waiting their turns and watching another guy bust ass on a 720 attempt .
she took off her skis and i kicked off my board below the pipe , and we hiked up behind the boys in the center of the crowd of spectators lining the lip .
then , just to make sure he was lying , too , i stuck my head between him and nick and peered into the pipe .
then all three boys turned their backs on me as they hiked above the pipe .
finally , gavin and davis maneuvered their boards to the edge of the course and tipped over into the pipe , skidding to a stop just above nick 's dark , motionless body .
i would have loved to lay down just one more 720 , but i ran out of pipe .
they anchored it near the shore and built a rail sticking out from it , topped with pvc pipe .
this sucker was a huge chrysanthemum with all the bells and whistles-ribbons , golden plastic footballs , pipe cleaners shaped into the school letters .
kylie looked to burnett and then holiday , waiting for one of them to pipe up .
they lay across the floor in a complicated grid pattern , and at the end of each pipe was a huge piece of machinery .
grimacing , i pulled myself back onto the pipe , then crawled forward to find the key .
the pipe was just wide enough to run along , so i hauled butt across it-a pretty impressive feat in heels .
i left the key behind , hopped over the pipe , and hit the ground .
as he pulled down the back alley way of this sketchy town he 'd never been to before , a cat ran in front of him , and then smoke from a pipe in the street started billowing in the air in front of him making it hard to see .
'i thought the noise was coming from a water pipe somewhere . '
the child lowered her rude pipe and smiled .
it was true i had made it through that pipe in the dump , barely .
it was n't a real shower in the technical sense of the word , but a broken pipe that spit out luke warm water that felt like heaven .
the tentacle retreated from the pipe on top of the canister and pulled back within the creature that had returned to its natural opalescent hue now that it was empty .
the pipe slid back into place as i released it and lowered my hand back to my side .
i leaned over the pipe railing to peer into the shadowed depths .
there was about six inches above me as i squirmed , crawled , and slithered down the pipe but it felt as if it were crushing my back and squeezing the air from my lungs .
i fought against screaming and squirming my way backwards when i felt someone enter the pipe behind me .
it did n't feel as if the pipe was getting smaller , but i was certain it was .
if there had been enough room in the pipe i was pretty sure i would have curled into a ball and screamed like a baby .
the pipe took a sharp turn down .
i clawed at the watery ground as i pulled myself clear of the pipe exit .
i clung to him as all of the pent up horror of that pipe , and everything else that had occurred , boiled out of me .
i looked at the pipe we had tumbled out of and realized that it was broken .
if they discovered that pipe then they 'll know where we went .
i could n't help but pipe up .
`` pipe down , runtfellow , '' said calypso .
within his fort of books the hobgoblin had come to a smooching scene and shouted for them to pipe down .
when it does n't budge , i grab the pipe and slide all the way down into the building 's narrow alley .
so i 'm left with my homemade weapons , pvc pipe slingshots , and other trinkets .
except it might be hard getting a date with no teeth and smelling like a sewer pipe . ''
it looks like a water pipe ruptured somewhere and the ground opened up like you saw sometimes on the news , usually with journalists in helicopters hovering over , saying nothing much for very long spaces of time .
hildy , i hear , and girl pup and blasted leaky pipe and hildy again and burning bridge .
hildy and prentisstown and russets and sheep and settlers and leaky pipe and hildy .
